Steven Steinman

Greater Los Angeles Area

MBA Candidate Class of 2017, USC Marshall School of Business


Summary

Steven is an innovative business professional with an entrepreneurial drive and expertise in software

 engineering. He is currently an MBA candidate in the Class of 2017 at USCs Marshall School of
 business with a focus on data analytics, operations, and corporate strategy. Steven has five years

 of industry experience creating database driven analytical tools in fast paced team environments. He
 has excellent communication and interpersonal aptitude, especially when teaching technical skills to
 colleagues without technology backgrounds. In his previous role Steven spearheaded initiatives to

 innovate slow mission critical processes, turning tasks that took days into tasks that took minutes.


Experience

Software Engineer at PAAMCO
August 2013 - June 2015 (1 year 11 months)

  Steven collaborated directly with end users to create custom, database driven software solutions
   for various business needs. He took the initiative to improve efficiency of several mission critical

   processes, converting tasks that required days of work in automated processes that only needed a
   few minutes.

Software Engineer at Blink Development, Inc.

June 2012 - August 2013 (1 year 3 months)
  While developing websites for new clients, Steven also analyzed websites of new and existing
   clients to enhance their SEO, increasing traffic by 75% on average per client. He also coached 3

   developers in web development technology, enabling them to create websites for new clients.

Firmware Engineer at Western Digital
July 2010 - December 2011 (1 year 6 months)

  Steven began as a software engineer in the performance testing department, working with a
   large team of engineers to create database driven web tools. During this time, Steven led a

   team of 5 engineers in re-developing the department's internal website, which was used by over
   500 engineers throughout the company. After one year Steven transferred to team of firmware

   engineers to work on hard drive technology.

Engineering Intern at Broadcom
May 2009 - June 2010 (1 year 2 months)  Developed and maintained custom web, desktop, and mobile software for Broadcom's mobile
   phone performance testing department.



Education
University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business
Masters in Business Administration,2015-2017

University of California, Irvine
Bachelor of Science (B.S.),Computer Science and Engineering,2006-2010
Activities and Societies: Alpha Epsilon Pi, Hillel, Anteaters for Israel, National Society of Collegiate
 ScholarsSteven Steinman
Greater Los Angeles Area
MBA Candidate Class of 2017, USC Marshall School of Business






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/19/2015View by Amy Dungo