Christopher Barnes

Greater New York City Area

Senior Game Server Engineer at BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc.


Experience

Senior Game Server Engineer at BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc.
May 2015 - Present (8 months)

  Building server back-ends for iOS and Android games.

Software Engineer at Electronic Arts
September 2012 - May 2015 (2 years 9 months)

  Full stack mobile games engineering for iOS and Android. -Designing and developing web services
   in Java for a small mobile games studio inside EA, primarily based on the Google App Engine

   platform-as-a-service stack, but also including deployments into Amazon Web Services. -Client-
  side game engineering in the Unity game engine and C# programming language, as well as game

   integration with native Objective-C code on iOS and Java on Android, including GUI development
   inside of Unity using both the iGUI and NGUI frameworks. -Design and implementation of build
   processes to do continuous integration and deployment of Unity projects to iOS and Android

   devices.

Software Engineer at Electronic Arts
June 2009 - September 2012 (3 years 4 months)

  Design and development in Java for EA's core eCommerce and identity platform, servicing millions
   of gamers over many EA websites and games. -Developed and supported a robust REST-based

   web service in Java, enabling EA's development teams and studios to support online gameplay
   and eCommerce for millions of gamers across the world. -Designed software for high availability

   in a high-load environment, including the rollout of a distributed cache cluster, based on Oracle
   Coherence, to support the core application. -Used diagnostics and debugging techniques to
   support the production system with log analysis and JVM memory/thread diagnostic tools, and

   ensured high quality software with unit testing and automated, continuous integration testing.

Web Editor at The Cornell Daily Sun
March 2007 - March 2009 (2 years 1 month)

  I was responsible for technical and editorial aspects of publishing the online edition of The Cornell
   Daily Sun. I managed a team of six student developers in writing new code and designing new

   database schemata (PHP/MySQL) to meet the expanding needs of the organization. Additionally, I
   oversaw office information technology, including purchasing and staffing decisions.

Intern at New York Times DigitalJune 2008 - August 2008 (3 months)
  I interned in the Interactive News Technology group, developing online features in Ruby on Rails

   for nytimes.com. I contributed to several high-profile Ruby on Rails software projects, including the
   Election Guide and online coverage of the 2008 Olympic Games.

Intern at SoftWave Media Exchange

May 2007 - September 2007 (5 months)
  Worked on QA and documentation for an online ad sales platform.



Education
Cornell University
BA,Information Science,2005-2009
Manhasset H.S.

2001-2005

Interests

software, technology, news industry, games, the InternetChristopher Barnes

Greater New York City Area
Senior Game Server Engineer at BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc.





2 people have recommended Christopher

  "Highly professional, responsive and well organized, Chris was a pleasure to work with."

  Scott McCasland-Bodenstein,Independent Consultant, Ithaca Mac Repair, worked indirectly for
  Christopher at The Cornell Daily Sun


  "Chris is a smart, hard-working engineer who was a pleasure to work with. He's able to learn new
  technologies rather quickly and produces high quality code at an efficient pace. I would recommend

  Chris for any engineering position."
  Zubair Khan,Senior Software Engineer, Box, worked directly with Christopher at Electronic Arts




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/19/2015View by Jemmielyn Capalad