Diya Deb

Greater Pittsburgh Area

Sr Interaction Designer at GE Healthcare


Summary

Im an Interaction Designer passionate about design and technology for this user-driven world. I

 currently work at GE healthcare as a Sr User Experience Designer on a new product development
 team. I recently completed my Masters in Human Computer Interaction at Carnegie Mellon

 University. Prior to this I was an Interaction Designer at Pramati Technologies for 2 years. In my
 role designed and collaborated with programmers on client projects from enterprise level solutions
 to customer facing products. I was the Product Owner of Fontli and worked with management to

 create an ibeacon solutions for Smartcues a startup within Pramati Technologies. I have a passion
 for learning about new technology, innovation and utilizing the UX processes and methodologies

 to create wonderful products and customer experiences. I believe that design is not just about how
 things look, it is about how they work within constraints and connect with the larger environment.

 I have a keen interest in designing novel interfaces and products that work with technologies that
 use the web as a platform for a service. You can find out more about my work and about me here
 - www.diyadeb.com Experience In: UX Design & Strategy I Service Design I Interaction Design

 I Visual Design I User centered design | User Research | Rapid Prototyping | Startup Lean UX
 Design | Usability testing I Heuristic AnalysisStakeholder Maps I Multi-Channel eCommerce

 | Mobile UX Design | Tablet Design | Web App Design I Mobile Web I Responsive Design I
 Product Innovation | Data Visualization | Enterprise Software Redesign I Startups Tools: Rapid

 Interactive Prototyping / Wireframing (Invision, Axure, Adobe CS, Balsamiq) HTML5 / CSS3 /
 Javascript


Experience

Sr User Experience Designer at GE Healthcare
October 2015 - Present (3 months)


UX Design Lead at Capstone Project for UPMC Enterprises
January 2015 - Present (1 year)
  I am the UX Design lead in an 8-month long research and design project that consists of in-depth

   user and domain research, synthesizing data, rapid prototyping, user testing, and designing a
   solution. The capstone project serves as the final coursework for the Masters of Human-Computer

   Interaction program at Carnegie Mellon University.

Product Owner & Interaction Designer at Pramati Technologies
May 2012 - May 2014 (2 years 1 month)  FONTLI www.fontli.com Product Owner, Mar 2013 - May 2014 Designed and launched the Fontli
   web experience. Oversaw mobile updates and TYPOMAD 2013 sponsorship. I designed and lead

   the team of mobile and web developers. SMARTCUES www.smartcues.com Interaction Designer,
   Jun 2013 - May 2014 Designed from scratch the web and mobile interface and collaborated

   with co-founder and programmers to release an i-beacon based in-store retail experience.
   IMAGINEA www.imaginea.com Interaction Designer, Jun 2012 - Aug 2013 Designed interfaces

   and collaborated with programmers on 11 client projects from enterprise level solutions to
   consumer facing products.

Industrial Design Intern at Ashok Leyland

February 2011 - August 2011 (7 months)
  Proposed a design for the 2025 truck of the future. Additionally worked on redesigning existing

   truck interiors, digital dashboard, front facade and logo for launch vehicle.

Industrial Design Intern at Philips Lighting
May 2010 - June 2010 (2 months)

  Designed and value engineered consumer CFL luminaires for the Indian market.


Education

Carnegie Mellon University
Masters Degree,Human Computer Interaction,2014-2015
DJ academy of design

Industrial Design,Industrial Design,2007-2011Diya Deb

Greater Pittsburgh Area
Sr Interaction Designer at GE Healthcare





1 person has recommended Diya


  "Diya reported to me while she was on the SmartCues.com team. SmartCues offers cookie
  cutter in-store marketing solutions for retail business. Diya was one of the critical contributors
  to the SmartCues product experience. Her work at SmartCues included both consumer centric

  experiences (mobile web, native app etc) as well enterprise centric experiences (admin consoles,
  configuration management, dashboards etc) She is equally adept at interaction and visual design,
  which makes her a very valuable asset. Her designs are modern, visually appealing and intuitive.

  Overall she is a great asset to have on your team. She is very passionate about her work and
  willing to go the extra mile. I would strongly recommend her for any user experience designer role "

  Pravin Kanyadi,Co-founder VP Products, SmartCues, managed Diya at Pramati Technologies




Profile Notes and Activity (1)
  12/24/2015View by Issaraporn Bao