Megh Vakharia

Greater Seattle Area

Product at Porch


Summary

Student at University of Washington interested in helping build awesome things at startups. Majoring

 in Informatics to learn more about user experience/interface design, computer science, and the
 intersections of people, information, and technology.


Experience

Product at Porch

May 2015 - Present (8 months)

Co-Founder + Advisor at Startup UW
February 2013 - Present (2 years 11 months)

  Served as Co-President from Sept '13 - Mar '14 -Lead development of RSOs activities, developing
   strategies for yearlong events aimed at helping students go from idea to startup -Developed
   Startup UW website through WordPress and set up MailChimp analytics, better targeting different

   majors and increasing CTR -Devised strategy on how to best implement Startup UW membership
   fees, allowing Startup UW to operate without seeking sponsorships -Managed UW Shark

   Tank event, finding viable UW student teams with great products to pitch in front of 4 investors,
   successfully filling up over 100 seats at event

Co-Founder at Canary

April 2014 - April 2015 (1 year 1 month)
  iOS, Marketing, Business Development + Sales, Product, other co-founder stuff Merged with Dave

   App (http://davecanhelp.co) in April 2015 http://canarydelivers.com

Full Stack Engineer at Porch
January 2014 - October 2014 (10 months)

  Java + Dropwizard JS + Backbone CSS + LESS HTML + Handlebars Marketing + Growth
   Engineering -Ran the first pilots for Twilio use cases using PHP + MySQL + Twilio API -Built an
   automated postcard creation tool with very customized data to send to potential customers using

   CasperJS + PHP + Lob API -Created two texting-based services that allowed users to text to
   search for a home professional and also let home professionals sign up for Porch through texting.

   This was rolled out in Lowes stores. Used PHP + MySQL + Twilio

2014 CodeDay Regional Manager at StudentRND CodeDay
October 2013 - May 2014 (8 months)  Organizing CodeDay Seattle + NY for May '14 Organized CodeDay Seattle for January '14

Community Manager & Marketing at Yabbly

February 2013 - August 2013 (7 months)
  -Compared Yabbly UX to other similar UXs to analyze what was working, what was not, what

   competitors were doing better, and how Yabbly could be improved -Designed mockups of
   potential new UI features, gaining feedback from user interviews and using design thinking

   to continuously improve until features were MVP-able -Managed community-facing pages
   (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Blog), helping to increase social awareness of Yabbly and social

   traffic -Used Tableau to run data analytics on users and activity, updating KPI data to help make
   sure Yabbly made great and relevant decisions -Served as Yabbly Concierge, successfully

   helping users whose questions have not been answered by doing research on their product
   decision


Founding Partner + Deputy Director at innovii
November 2012 - February 2013 (4 months)
  A social venture dedicated to empowering high school students to learn about, get excited for, and

   experiment with entrepreneurship. -Aided in developing innovii presentation curriculum -Second
   member of innovii team www.innovii.org


Business Apprentice at Microsoft
August 2011 - August 2012 (1 year 1 month)

  Xbox Consumer Engagement team -Managed and owned August Week 2 Xbox Newsletter,
   creating positive communication channels to ultimately create a successful newsletter -Revamped

   the management platform of the Xbox Newsletter, aiding the manager to streamline production
   of individual newsletters -Analyzed and delivered a presentation on customer trends taking

   place with Xbox Newsletter, recommending changes on how to improve Xbox Newsletter and the
   marketing strategy -Managed a campaign reporting spreadsheet for Xbox Mobile, highlighting

   successful mobile campaigns and creating traceable URLs for campaigns -Gave insight and
   presentations on market data trends, facilitating Xbox for more adaptive and error-free marketing

   -Learned ins and outs of Microsoft Office suite, gaining new skills in the process and also teaching
   full-time employees new Office skills -Completed marketing and business projects given by Xbox

   Consumer Engagement manager

Cashier at McDonald's Corporation
June 2010 - June 2011 (1 year 1 month)

  -Achieved 100% customer satisfaction, leading to no complaints filed at any time and making every
   customer's visit a positive experience Started from the bottom.Education
University of Washington
Bachelor of Science in Informatics,Informatics,2012-2017
Activities and Societies: Startup UW, Lavin Entrepreneurship Program, Indian Student Association,

 South Asian Student Association

Interests
Startups, technology, user experience design, cutting edge, learning new technologiesMegh Vakharia

Greater Seattle Area

Product at Porch





5 people have recommended Megh

  "Megh was a valuable asset to our team by providing great analysis of email campaign results

  as well as help with a variety of projects that were key to the production of the Xbox Weekly
  Newsletter."

  Randy Loganbill,Marketing Manager, Consultant, Projectline Services, managed Megh
  indirectly at Microsoft


  "I worked with Megh for just short of a year at Porch. And in that time, there's no doubt in my mind

  that he's one of the most highly capable individuals I know. He's versatile (was an engineer and
  growth marketer for us), highly analytical, and driven. His resume is impressive and reflects his

  ambition which is also reflected in his impact at various places. I'm looking forward to seeing what
  Megh decides to do and I'll be rooting him on. "

  Asha Sharma,Board Member, Porch, managed Megh indirectly at Porch


  "Megh was working with another team, but was very willing to help as his time permitted. He picked
  up on what needed to be done and was lightning fast! Megh has a great attitude, as well as aptitude

  and i would work with him again anytime."

  Julie Lynn Try,Microsoft CRM Consultant, 110 Consulting, managed Megh indirectly at
  Microsoft


  "Megh has a bright future ahead of him. He's smart, analytically minded, learns quickly and works
  hard. He's a great person to work with because he gets excited about solving hard problems. I look
  forward to seeing what he does in the future, I'm sure it'll be great."

  Ronnie Castro,Co-founder, VP, Porch, managed Megh at Porch


  "Megh had outstanding performance as an apprentice at Microsoft. His work was always 100% in

  terms of quality and timeliness. Xbox is a fast-paced group and Megh did a great job of adapting to
  change and working independently. I highly recommend Megh!"

  Deanna Carlisle,ASSOCIATE, Plum Job Search Coaching & HR Consulting, managed Megh
  indirectly at MicrosoftProfile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/25/2015View by Salvador Jumag Jr.