Kenny Chen

Greater Los Angeles Area

Lead User Experience Designer at Wallaby Financial


Summary

User Experience Designer passionate about creating better experiences through thoughtful design.
 Specializing in creating useful, delightful, and easy to use products.



Experience
Lead UX Designer at Wallaby Financial, Inc.

October 2012 - Present (3 years 3 months)
  One card to rule them all. Carry just one card and maximize cash back rebates, merchant

   discounts, frequent traveler rewards.

Senior User Experience Designer at BeachMint
October 2011 - September 2012 (1 year)

  BeachMint is a social ecommerce startup for designer-curated direct to consumer products through
   a subscription model. Wireframe, user flows, design, competitive research, web analytics,
   prototype, A/B testing and contribute to a cutting-edge e-commerce platform for both web and

   mobile for BeachMint's family of sites.

Lead User Interface Designer at DIRECTV
April 2008 - October 2011 (3 years 7 months)

  Design and support new and existing features and services for TV, mobile and tablet user
   interfaces to help deliver the ultimate television experience to over 30 million customers.
   Requirement documents, wireframes, information architecture, prototypes for usability testing,

   competitive research, and more.

User Experience Designer at Usability.PRO
October 2007 - March 2008 (6 months)

  Redesigned clients industry-leading Drug Safety web enterprise software through user research,
   wireframes, user interface designs, and detailed storyboards

Design Engineer at Alpine Electronics Research of America

March 2005 - October 2007 (2 years 8 months)
  Develop high quality and comprehensive functional requirement specifications, screen flow

   transitions, and competitive analysis for car navigation systems.Education
University of Southern California
M.S.,Computer Science,2003-2004

University of California, Irvine
B.S.,Information and Computer Science,1999-2002
UCLA Extension

User Experience for the Web, Design for the iPad, Design FundamentalsKenny Chen

Greater Los Angeles Area

Lead User Experience Designer at Wallaby Financial





3 people have recommended Kenny

  "As a UX Designer, Kenny is stellar - he's well versed in UX best practices and techniques,

  constantly stays on top of the latest trends, cooks up fresh ideas and works so quickly that he
  seems to deliver a wireframe or mock before you've even ask him to do it. Kenny also offers other
  great qualities that make him such an invaluable team member - a willingness to contribute in

  whatever way he can, along with an ever-expanding skill set that goes beyond UX (JavaScript,
  HTML, Google Analytics, etc.). On top of that, he's a pleasure to work with - I'd work with him again

  without hesitation."

  Drey Cameron,Senior Interaction Designer, Live Nation Entertainment, managed Kenny
  indirectly at BeachMint

  "Kenny possesses a rare combination: superior technical skills, and a knack for designing clean,

  intuitive interfaces. I worked closely with Kenny, and cannot recommend him highly enough."

  Brian Salzman,Senior User Experience Designer, IBM, worked directly with Kenny at
  Usability.PRO


  "Kenny is a smart, detail focused and clever problem solver. His job on my team was to consider
  user and business needs and develop comprehensive user experience solutions that were

  as simple and intuitive as possible. His role included working with engineers and business
  stakeholders, creating wireframes and flows for possible solutions, finalizing what the experience
  will be and providing a clear, complete specification that engineers can use to write code. He was

  good at collaboration within our team and outside of it. In short, Kenny is an all around strong
  contributor and a valuable asset."

  Eric Bennett,Senior Director, User Experience, DIRECTV, managed Kenny at DIRECTV




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/26/2015View by Amy Dungo