Jamey Decker

Phoenix, Arizona Area

Software Engineer at State Farm


Summary

An accomplished Software Engineer who has experience with multiple platforms and has worked
 in all phases of project development. My excellent attention to detail, strong analytical skills, ability

 to learn new technologies, and capability to work in a team environment has allowed me to quickly
 advance in my career.


.NET, Apache, ASP, C, C++, Clearcase, CSS, CVS, Database Admin, Design, DHTML, DOS,
 Dreamweaver, Eclipse, HTML, Informix, Java, JSP, JavaBeans, JavaScript, Linux, Mac OS,

 C#, MS Office, Windows, MySQL, OOD, Oracle, presentation skills, software architecture, SQL,
 Struts,Technical Support, Toad, Tomcat, UML, VBScript, VB, WAP, XML, XSL


Experience

Software Engineer at State Farm
September 2015 - Present (4 months)


Senior Consultant at Navigator Management Partners
October 2014 - September 2015 (1 year)

Kuali Engineering Team Lead at rSmart
January 2014 - October 2014 (10 months)


Java Engineer at rSmart
February 2011 - January 2014 (3 years)

Internet Software Developer II at TSYS Acquiring Solutions
July 2006 - February 2011 (4 years 8 months)


Contract Web Developer at Technisource - Talkabout Wireless
March 2006 - July 2006 (5 months)
  Responsible for maintaining an ASP.NET driven intranet with a MS SQL Server database and

  websites for Talkabout Wireless. Converted static HTML pages into ASP.NET driven pages using
  C# and writing the JavaScript for each page. Created a web based instant messaging client for
  stores all over the country to communicate with one another over the intranet using JavaScript,

  AJAX, XML, and XSL. Using regular expressions, developed a language filter for the IM client as
  well as a emoticon display.Technology Support Analyst Assistant at Arizona State University
March 2004 - March 2006 (2 years 1 month)

  Was the sole developer responsible for designing, developing, testing, and maintaining secure
   internal ASP applications and maintaining legacy ASP applications. Trained SRC staff on the

   use of these applications and general desktop support. Redesigned SETS (Student Employee
   Time System) from a VB application to an ASP application with MS SQL Server database from

   scratch. Created an ASP based administrator application for SETS with multiple user levels that
   dealt with approving time sheets, scheduling workers, managing positions, and pay rates. Wrote

   a manual for SETS and provided training to the professional and student staff that used it. Gave
   multiple presentations to other departments at ASU interested in using SETS for their employees.
   Redesigned the Locker Rental program to deal with the large volume of SRC members wishing to

   rent a locker.

Student Web Developer at Arizona State University Undergraduate Initiatives Technology Services

August 2002 - March 2004 (1 year 8 months)
  Assisted in the design, development, testing, and maintenance of web applications and websites for

   various departments throughout ASU. Changed the student government online voting application
   to reflect the changes in the student government constitution. Designed and implemented website

   for ASU Family Weekend.


Education

Arizona State University
Bachelor of Science,Engineering, Computer Systems Engineering,2002-2005
Kirkwood Community College

Diploma,Internet Development,2000-2001Jamey Decker
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Software Engineer at State Farm






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/28/2015View by Yna Marie Josol