Karan Sharma

Greater Boston Area

Software Engineer at State of Maine


Summary

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE More than 14+ year of experience as a system analysis, design and

 development including three years in Quality Assurance in Web and Client Server Applications.
 Developed excellent professional skills by working independently and as a team member to prepare

 test plans, Scripts and Test Cases for manual and Automated testing.


Experience

Senior Software Engineer at State of Maine
May 2015 - Present (8 months)
  QA


Senior Software Engineer at Swiss Re
March 2015 - May 2015 (3 months)
  QA


QA Coordinator at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts
September 2014 - January 2015 (5 months)

US Division IAM QA Lead at John Hancock Financial Services

July 2012 - July 2014 (2 years 1 month)
  Manulife operates in the world's top three economies: China, Japan and United States. Their home
  market, Canada, ranks eleventh. Beyond these four large economies, Manulife is located in nine

  Asian countries and territories that are amongst the fastest growing in the world. I am working
  on Identity and Access Management (IAM) project is a Global Information Risk initiative that

  encompasses all of Manulife. Its ultimate goal is to standardize access and reporting of access
  across Manulife divisions. The IAM effort will involve business owners, IT applications owners, IT

  security, and Audit, all working toward a common objective of establishing a common and effective
  Identity and access management program. This is the first part of a multiphase project to create
  standardized control and reporting mechanisms across Manulife divisions. The first phase of this

  overall project is to meet an immediate Board of Directors-based mandate to lower audit flags on
  systems that have Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) regulatory sensitivity.


QA Lead/Analyst at Sovereign Bank
March 2011 - June 2012 (1 year 4 months)SR QA Engineer at Fresenius Medical Care
November 2010 - May 2011 (7 months)


Sr QA Engineer at Monster
June 2010 - November 2010 (6 months)
  QA Engineer


QA Engineer/ Software Support Engineer at Tom Snyder Productions
November 2009 - April 2010 (6 months)

  Tom Snyder Productions, a Scholastic company, is a leading developer and publisher of
   educational software for K-12 classrooms. Scholastic (NASDAQ: SCHL), the global children's

   publishing and media company. Recognizing that literacy is the cornerstone of a child's
   intellectual, personal and cultural growth, for more than 80 years, Scholastic has created quality

   products and services that educate, entertain and motivate children.
   As part of the Scholastic Education Division, the Scholastic Education Technology Group (SETG)

   is responsible for developing and maintaining award-winning, educational software titles Including
   READ 180, ReadAbout, Scholastic Reading Inventory, Scholastic RED and WiggleWorks.


Sr. QA Analyst at Citizens Bank
April 2009 - November 2009 (8 months)
  Citizens Bank is one of largest and the fastest growing bank in New England area. After being

   acquired by Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Citizens Bank has been aggressively trying to expand
   throughout United States. Citizens are converting all their personal and business master cards to

   visa card.

SR.QA Engineer at Iron Mountain

March 2007 - January 2009 (1 year 11 months)
  Sr. QA Engineer Working as Sr. QA Engineer for Connected Backup web and data base based

   application. Iron Mountain Inc. helps organizations around the world reduce the costs and risks
   associated with information protection and storage. It is a trusted partner to more than 90,000

   corporate clients throughout North America, Europe, Latin America and the Pacific Rim.

Sr. QA Analyst / Team Lead at Bottomline Technologies
August 2006 - May 2007 (10 months)

  Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ: EPAY) provides payments and invoice automation software
   and services to organizations seeking more secure and efficient financial processes. The company

   remains at the forefront of delivering innovative solutions that complement and extend the value of
   existing financial processes, business relationships and back-office systems. These solutions have

   enabled the worlds leading corporations, banks and financial institutions to automate, manage and
   control processes involving payments and collections, invoice approval, cash flow, risk mitigation,   reporting and document archive. As part of the QA team, Involved in testing three different projects

   BANA, RTGS and Bridge.Net

Team lead at First Marblehead
April 2006 - August 2006 (5 months)

  First Marble head is among the largest educational loan service providers in the nation, offering
   broad range of loan products. Major services of the organization include distance application

   process by phone and online. In providing services, Firstmarblehead do not serve as a lender,
   guarantor or loan service, but instead receive fees for the services provide in connection with

   processing and securitizing clients' loans. Using Firstmarblehead services clients can offer student
   borrowers access to customized, competitive student loan products while enhancing their fees but

   minimizing their resource commitment and exposure to credit risk. As part of the QA team, Involved
   in testing nine different projects Capstone Credit Report Query, Profile Maintenance Reports, Web

   App Exception, CDA Disbursement, ScholarNet, Esign, School certification, EDW and Web front
   end.


QA Analyst at American Student Assistance
October 2005 - April 2006 (7 months)
  The ASA Enterprise is sixth largest Client, which processes student loan applications sent by

   various schools and/or students. The application runs under the Windows 2000 environment and
   uses the Microsoft SQL Server as the backend database. The Enterprise Client is written using

   Visual C++.

Sr. QA Analyst at Citizens Bank

April 2004 - September 2005 (1 year 6 months)
  Citizens Bank is one of largest and the fastest growing bank in New England area. After being

   acquired by Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Citizens Bank has been aggressively trying to expand
   throughout United States. Citizens recently made a big presence in the Mid-West region through

   the acquisition of Charter One Bank. This drive to expand has led Citizens Bank to revamp
   their Online Banking Application to meet the needs of ever-growing electronic banking client

   base. Application was designed to provide bill pay, transfer, account access, and download
   functionalities to all customers.


Sr. QA Automation Specialist at Electric Insurance Company
September 2003 - March 2004 (7 months)
  QA automation specialist for a large insurance company that was creating to a multi-channel

   service offering for their products in which customers would be able to get a quote and purchase
   auto or home insurance on the web. QA automation specialist responsibilities included providing

   nightly status reports that included testing metrics detailing the number of tests executed, passed,
   failed, and the numbers of defects reported, reopen, or closed. As the project neared completion,

   the team was responsible for automation to ensure that all regression tests were automated using   Mercury Interactive WinRunner according to the priority for automation given to each test. Along

   with prioritizing the test for automation, the regression team was responsible for testing web-based
   application.

Sr. QA Engineer at NASDAQ

July 2002 - August 2003 (1 year 2 months)
  Involved in assisting the testing and implementation of an Online Stock Market Transaction

   System, to capture and manage the stock market data generated by NASDAQ. Worked as Sr.
   Documentation Specialist involved in writing test case and test plans for on line Web based test

   environment. This is a WEB based project using J2EE/HTML front-end, Web Logic at middle tier
   and Oracle 8i as backend. Involved in different type of Unit, Functional, Integration, System &GUI

   testing for following module. (a) Quotes (b) Single Quote (c) Popup Ticker (d) Ticker (e) Symbols
   (f) Forward Rates (g) Bonds (h) Complex Options (i) Mutual Funds (j) Multi Trade (k) Estimated

   Commissions (l) Cancel and Replace Orders (m) ECN/ Directed Trading, ECN/Short Sell/Buy to
   Cover, ECN Alerts (n) Underwriting. Lead regional Quality Trader Suite to ensure consistency

   of desired performance and evaluation techniques. Participated in internal Corporate Quality
   Specialist Trader Suite sessions. Supported. Quality Analysts to validate data, provide NASDAQ

   Test Tools, Identify specific behavioral trends, and provide input/validation on potential quality plan
   solutions. Performed Back end testing using RUMBA and FBSI tools.


Sr. QA Engineer at Fleet Bank
November 2001 - June 2002 (8 months)
  Worked as System Tester involved in testing an Online Banking Application, 'Account Link. The

   application was developed in Oracle; enable the customers to access their Bank account through
   World Wide Web. Using the Customer No. and PIN, their Checking, Saving and Money Market

   accounts can be accessed. The application provides the Account Summary (balances, last
   deposits, etc.), Activity Detail (Transaction Details) to transfer funds between the various accounts

   using Fund Transfers. The user has the option to change his PIN number, enable or disable the
   ability to transfer funds between accounts.


QA Tester at Fidelity Investments
October 2000 - October 2001 (1 year 1 month)

  Worked as a QA Engineer, involved in testing many web based applications like AO3, RTR,
   Preclearance, CU_Preclearance, PLATO and non-web based like ECOE, 13G(VB) and Broker

   Voting (Power Builder). Developing test cases, test scenarios and execute them on Windows and
   Unix platforms.


Sr. QA Tester at Monster
May 2000 - September 2000 (5 months)
  Develop the Test Cases and Test Plan for the WEB based application. Manual testing for the WEB

   based application. Automated scripts were developed using WinRunner to perform Regression   Testing Product was developed in Java Using Windows NT 2000 platforms Worked closely with

   the Development team to identify software bugs

Sr QA tester at Parametric Technology Corporation
November 1999 - April 2000 (6 months)

  Responsible for working with development engineers testing new printing architecture. Testing
   included functionality, performance, and smoke tests at the component level using a test harness.

   Responsibilities included developing test scripts and documenting test processes, compiling the
   weekly build.


Sr. Performance Tester at Concentric
May 1999 - October 1999 (6 months)
  Project involved testing of client-server application written in C++ and used by financial analysts to

   create, modify and analyze incentive compensation system.

System Tester at Guardian Life Insurance

October 1998 - April 1999 (7 months)
  GLIC is one of the largest insurance companies providing insurance services for over 100 years.

   Application involved automating invoice preparation to enable general office staff to process each
   case by selecting from an active queue. The printed invoice is the end product of this system.

   Reports were generated using Crystal Reports. The front end developed in Visual Basic on an
   Oracle database.Karan Sharma
Greater Boston Area
Software Engineer at State of Maine






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  12/31/2015View by Amy Dungo