Wilfred Stewart

Dallas/Fort Worth Area

3D Software Engineer at Superior Group


Summary

A senior software engineer desiring C/C++ opportunities in a Unix environment.



Experience
3D Software Engineer at Superior Group

July 2015 - Present (7 months)
  Consulting at L-3 Communications, Link Simulation and Training Software Lead, FY14 C-17

   ATS-MTS Concurrency - tailored Software Development Plan from legacy program for this trainer
   concurrency upgrade. F/A-18C/D Roadmap Procurement Program  development of Stores
   Management System (SMS) capabilities regarding Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) simulation;

   resolution of a wide range of discrepancy reports on the F/A-18C/D SimuStrike and Tactical
   Operational Flight Trainers (TOFTs). Software written, in C++, FORTRAN, and QT.


Principal Software Engineer at BAE Systems
April 2014 - November 2014 (8 months)
  Developed software to integrate Linux platform with National Instruments chassis containing MIL-

  STD-1553, digital I/O, and reflective memory cards. This software allowed C++ programs on the
   Linux platform to access and manipulate external mux and discrete signals. Wrote functions

   to convert 16-bit unsigned integers (1553 mux words) to various data types. Created avionic
   models to attach to a real-time scheduler and demonstrate processing of discrete inputs, 1553
   communications, and reflective memory access. Developed MFD, HUD, and RWR prototype

   cockpit displays using OpenGL. Holds secret security clearance.

Application Developer at Infinite Computer Solutions
May 2013 - November 2013 (7 months)

  Performed project management duties for multinational telecommunications client, including
   weekly maintenance of staffing forecasts, providing progress reports to first and second level

   management, and coordinating software installations. Part of development team for two software
   applications. Served as liaison for international software development group to U.S. clients.

   Secondary subject matter expert (SME) for 9 of 10 Java and C++ applications.

Embedded Software Engineer Staff at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics
December 1989 - December 2011 (22 years 1 month)  Developed object-oriented avionic models of F-35 subsystems to simulate real-time Fibre Channel
   and discrete signal interfaces between the model and the system under test. These models

   were integrated into the JSF Avionic Development Environment (JADE), a suite of models and
   testing tools used in the development of F-35 operational flight programs (OFPs). Developed

   UML statecharts and class diagrams in IBM Rational Rhapsody. Wrote C++ code in IBM Rational
   Rhapsody based on UML. Created automated test scripts using SWAT. Performed unit testing

   and integration testing on Windows and Unix / Solaris platforms. Similar modeling tasks were done
   on the F-16 Block 60 program, which additionally included MIL-STD-1553 signal interfaces and the

   development of cockpit graphics for the multifunction displays (MFDs) using OpenGL. Selected
   for a four-week special assignment to the Harvest HAWK program, an intelligence / surveillance /

   reconnaissance (ISR) and weapon mission kit that equips KC130J transport aircraft for overwatch
   and close-air support in the Afghanistan theater. This software was written in C on Unix platforms.

   Member of a three-person team that created the first 5 x 7 color MFDs for F-16 software test
   stations, using OpenGL. These MFDs incorporated increased display height, additional option

   select buttons, color-coded statuses, and virtual subsystems to replace actual hardware.

Missions volunteer at Birchman Baptist Church
September 1988 - November 1989 (1 year 3 months)

  Taught an introductory computer science course in the Commerce Department at Southern Baptist
   College in Mlang. Involved in mentoring and led two regular Bible studies - one with a student

   group and one with the local office of the Department of Agriculture. Served as a speaker at
   churches in the surrounding area, and assisted career missionaries in various capacities.


Software Engineer Senior at General Dynamics / Lockheed Martin
July 1983 - September 1988 (5 years 3 months)
  Developed graphical scenario generation system for rapid creation and modification of war gaming

   databases, including command, communication, and logistics networks. System developed using
   Pro*C in a C / Unix environment with Oracle RDBMS on Silicon Graphics platforms. Developed

   graphical user interface and combat area display graphics for the Air / Land Battle Model at the
   Battlefield Integration Center. This software, written in C on Unix platforms, used the Silicon

   Graphics graphics language (GL) to display military forces on Digital Terrain Elevation Data
   (DTED) maps in various theaters of operations. These war games simulated two opposing forces

   distributed among as many as nineteen Silicon Graphics workstations. Ported and maintained
   fighter aircraft analysis models for dogfight comparisions in the International Models group.

   Demonstrated these models for the Republic of Korea Armed Forces in Seoul.


Education

Mississippi State University
Master of Science (M.S.),Computer Science,1981-1983Activities and Societies: Upsilon Pi Epsilon - computer science honor society (president), Phi Kappa
 Phi - honor society, Association for Computing Machinery, American Mensa, Famous Maroon Band,
 Campus Crusade for Christ
Mississippi State University

Bachelor of Science (B.S.),Computer Science,1977-1981
Activities and Societies: Phi Eta Sigma - freshman honor society, S. D. Lee Honors Program, Upsilon
 Pi Epsilon - computer science honor society (treasurer), Phi Kappa Phi - honor society, MSU Hall
 of Fame, Association for Computing Machinery, American Mensa, Famous Maroon Band, Campus
 Crusade for Christ


Interests
Cycling, weight training, volleyball, college and professional sports, musicWilfred Stewart
Dallas/Fort Worth Area
3D Software Engineer at Superior Group






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  1/8/2016View by Liezl Adelantar