Erin P. Juarez
 100 Maspeth Avenue Brooklyn, New York 11211
(310) 569-3473 erinpjuarez@gmail.com


Education

Milano The New School For Urban Policy and Management, New York, NY             Fall 2007 - Spring 2010
Master of Science Degree, Non-Profit Management

Bard College, Annandale-On-Hudson, NY                      Fall 2001 - Spring 2005
Bachelor of Arts Degree, Political Studies and Latin American Iberian Studies

Professional Experience

Lead Concierge, Abigail Michaels Concierge, New York, NY                                                           September 2010 - Present
Provides exceptional service to high-profile clients with a focus on result driven tasks and portfolio management.
Knows current New York events and establishes relevant contacts for all aspects of lifestyle management.
Responsible for content and writing of monthly marketing blasts to resident email list.
Creates and maintains pilot program for vendor acquisitions for streamlining client experience.
Handles client and resident feedback with a focus on consumer satisfaction. 
Monitors and helps to establish new vendors for reporting and portfolio management.
Creates and maintains a detailed work manual outlining all procedures and technology systems.

Human Resource Summer Associate, Meharry Medical College, Nashville, TN                            May 2009 – September 2009
Worked in human resources department on event planning and special projects assessing internal productivity.
Completed audit resulting in recommendations for improved department productivity and cost efficiency.
Presented final assessment findings and recommendations to the Senior Executive Team.
Conducted in depth policy analysis for insurance, legal and compliance inquires. 
Responsible for client intake along with assisting in employee benefits for over a thousand employees at the college.
Organized institutional events, including executive leadership conferences and award ceremonies.

Marketing Consultant, Global Partnership for Afghanistan, New York, NY                        August 2008 – December 2008
Created a comprehensive e-marketing strategy including CRM tools, website maintenance, donor acquisition and branding.
Conducted in depth market research using polling data, focus groups and classic research techniques to identify competitors, potential partners, donors, and media contacts.
Spearheaded market assessment to identify strategic partners to improve the organizations outreach worldwide.
Advised the organization on website revamping to generate increased traffic and donations.
Created in depth reports outlining marketing recommendations including brand architecture, donor base, and new programming as well as cost analysis and a strategic implementation plan.
Presented findings and recommendations to Board Members and International partners resulting in increased donations.

Community Engagement Coordinator Intern, Salesforce.com Foundation, New York, NY          April 2008 – December 2008
Coordinated volunteer placements between nonprofit organizations and corporate partners the United States and Canada.
Oversaw volunteer activities, grant applications, reports, blog posts, and salesforce.com dashboard information.
Created performance evaluation tools to ensure the quality of activities for both employees and nonprofit partners.
Advised the organization on website revamping to generate increased traffic and donations.
Translated critical documents from English to Spanish for acquisition of new nonprofit partners and customers.
Created spreadsheets, database files, graphic charts, and tables presenting data in accurate and engaging manner. 

Public Relations Coordinator, Sheats Endodontic Group, New York, NY                          May 2006 – August 2007
Organized and produced marketing materials for the promotion of the practice, while cultivating relationships between the practice and referring doctors.
Responsible for evaluating marketing efforts, strategy and budget.
Created quarterly reports along with data entry for the Doctor Referral Program.
Increased the Doctor Referral Program enrollment by fifteen percent in the first year.
Developed a protocol for office visits and referring doctor inquiries.

Areas of Proficiency 

Fluent Spanish Speaker.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, SPSS, Salesforce, Photoshop, Social Networking, Wordpress.