Anupartha Howlader

Kansas City, Missouri Area

Sr. System Integration Engineer (Embedded Systems) at Smith Electric Vehicles


Summary

Anupartha is a BMS expert, an enthusiastic and passionate engineer with 4.5+ years of

 automotive(EV) industry experience and 6+ years of academic level experience. He has expertise
 in the field of both Electrical and Software engineering. Being a self-starter, motivated and detail-

oriented engineer with demonstrated leadership and technical skills, Anupartha excels through
 continuous learning and team collaboration. Major Skills: BMS, Embedded System Design,
 Firmware Development, 16/32-bit Micro-controllers - Freescale HCS12/12X, Analog Sensor

 integration, ARM, Software Engineering, C, Assembly, Controller Area Network, CodeWarrior/
PE, Li-Ion Cell Characteristics, SOC and SOH Prediction, HVDC Control, Power Systems, Power

 electronics.


Experience

Senior System Integration Engineer at Smith Electric Vehicles
August 2013 - Present (2 years 8 months)

  Worked within a global team responsible for developing Battery Management System(BMS)
   for large Li-Ion Traction Battery pack of total capacity up to 120KWh for commercial EV. Major
   Achievements: - Designed cell-chemistry agnostic BMS architecture and control algorithm: dis/

  charging algorithm for multiple parallel battery-strings sharing single charger including balancing
   and effective SOC algorithm for various cell temperature conditions. - Proven track record of

   complete system design experience - proof of concept design to production level implementation
   validation of CAN based bootloader with auto ID assignment system for daisy chained Freescale

   16-bit S12/S12X MCU based BMS controller boards reducing part number, improving process
   and saving time in battery pack assembly. - Wrote BMS application firmware in C for Freescale
   MCU based hardware using Time-Triggered Architecture, with implementation of efficient memory

   usage, faster execution time by converting complex mathematical equation to look-up table.
   - Participated in DFMEA and DVP&R related to Battery Management System development. -

   Conducted test/validation of BMS, extensive analysis of test results. - Experienced hardware
   design - assisted in schematic capture and parts selection, peer-reviewed, suggested optimization

   and verified electronic schematic of BMS hardware. - Designed multi-channel analog sensor
   data acquisition system capable of broadcasting data over CAN. - Developed control system
   and software for electric HVAC system that involved integrating third-party electric compressor

   with strict control and safety requirements and implementation of intelligent pre-charge control   option. - Implemented documentation process compliant with ISO26262 for each stages of System

   Development Life Cycle (V-model), with software/system configuration management.

System Integration Engineer at Smith Electric Vehicles
June 2011 - July 2013 (2 years 2 months)

  - Lead in development of future technology integration in automotive systems. Perform program
   analysis function to ensure various programming strategies and platforms will achieve product

   development objectives. - Spear-headed vehicle level test/validation of BMS software, extensive
   analysis of test results, communicate and co-ordinate test findings with overseas development

   team. - Designed CAN communication protocol for multi-level networked BMS controller hardware.
    - Created physical layer specification for Controller Area Network for internal/external use. -

   Track and maintain Engineering Change from introduction to release using EPDM Vault system.
    - Authored checklist for production Test/Validation release report of BMS system. - Designed

   diagnostics/programming/test interface using Deutsche/Cinch/Molex connectors. - Instructed and
   provided guidance to less experienced team members, train production crews as part of hand off of

   a product from engineering to production. - Worked with plant personnel, customers and vendors
   in further improvement of products.


Graduate Admin Intern at University of Missouri-Kansas City
February 2008 - April 2011 (3 years 3 months)
  - Responsible for weekend operations including regular opening at 6 am and closing at 9 pm of

   University Center building. - Manage team of setup crews  lead and monitor the performance
   of team members to ensure efficiency in daily operations and reaching operational goal. Create

   and sustain a dynamic environment to motivate high performance among team members. -
   Conduct technical training for student assistants and manage daily operations of University Center

   - Design/maintenance/administration of websites  www.umkc.edu/union and /ucenter          - Involved
   with Student Union Project marketing and publicity strategy design.


Teaching Assistant at University of Missouri-Kansas City
January 2007 - May 2007 (5 months)

  - Grading exams/homework assignments, assisting students with class projects and conducting lab
   sessions. Courses  Introduction to Computer Programming.


Graduate Research Assistant at University of Missouri-Kansas City
September 2005 - May 2006 (9 months)
  - Assisted is P2P network research and worked on projects. - Developed a prototype application

   for emergency NOtification by Wireless system, for a group from Saint Luke's Hospital, Kansas
   City, to demonstrate the viability of their project. Researched appropriate inclination sensor module

   and interfaced the module to PC using JAVA. Responsible for designing control logic and work
   flow of the application, in a team of 3. - Developed Children Information Database system, that

   eliminated the conventional papers based court record and investigation report keeping and   expedited the case information retrieval at Child Protection Center, Kansas City, using MS Access,
   in a team of 2


Software Developer( contract position) at Bangladesh International Tutorial
January 2002 - June 2002 (6 months)
  - Developed Student Information Management System using MS Visual C++ for front-end user

   interface and MS-Access for the database at backend, in a team of 3

Undergrad Teaching Assistant at North South University
August 2001 - May 2002 (10 months)

  - Grading exams/homework assignments, teaching PL/SQL programming, assisting students with
   class projects and conducting lab sessions. Courses  Linear Algebra, Calculus I & II, Database

   Management Systems.



Education
University of Missouri-Kansas City
MS,Electrical Engineering,2009-2016
University of Missouri-Kansas City

MS,Computer Science,2007-2009
Jawaharlal Nehru Vishvavidyalaya
Master of Technology (M.Tech.),Computer & System Science,2002-2004

North South University
BS,Computer Science,1996-2001
Activities and Societies: Computer Club, Photography Club.


Interests
Home Automation, DIY Automotive repair, Electronics, Photography & Culinary Arts.Anupartha Howlader

Kansas City, Missouri Area

Sr. System Integration Engineer (Embedded Systems) at Smith Electric Vehicles





5 people have recommended Anupartha

  "It was a privilege to have work with Anupartha. He is among the brightest engineer that I have

  ever worked with. He possess the require engineering skills and knows how to apply them. He
  is also very hands on. I admire his knowledge in sound system, electronics, computers and

  automotive mechanic. Anupartha really excel in control system analysis. He was our go to person
  for the design team in solving complex control systems problems. I trust and rely on his judgment.

  Anupartha has become an expert in battery technology. He has made major contributions to the
  Battery Management System' control strategies. He is a leader and has set high standards. I really
  appreciate his contributions to our projects and his excellent work ethics. He made my job a lot

  easier as a Battery Program Manager. I welcome to have him to be on my project team again.
  Anupartha, thank you for your leadership, and your contributions to make our projects successful."

  Hoi Hei Ho, PE,Electrical Engineering Manager, First Element Energy, managed Anupartha at
  Smith Electric Vehicles


  "While working with Anupartha at Smiths developing the Battery Management System we came

  across many and varied challenges, all of which we conquered but without his help it would have
  been very difficult. The areas he worked in within the BMS team were hardware design and

  integration and software writing and testing. He was thorough and persistent with a good technical
  knowledge to help during design and fault-finding. His reports were clear and precise and a very
  useful reference. All in all, he would be a credit to any engineering team."

  Luke Griffiths,Electronics and Sensor Engineer, Reece Innovation Centre, worked directly with
  Anupartha at Smith Electric Vehicles


  "Target oriented person, focused always on all aspects of Software and Hardware development

  processes. His unusual approach to issues related to battery management systems give the
  opportunity to decrease the time of integration BMS controllers on the Vehicle level. Great team

  Player which motivate and support all other engineers to achieve the target with the best quality
  and in the shortest possible time."

  Maciej Dryjanski,Senior Development Engineer, AVL Software and Functions, was with another
  company when working with Anupartha at Smith Electric Vehicles  "I have known and had the pleasure of working with Anupartha at Smith Electric Vehicles for over
  two and a half years. Anu is a talented engineer who is disciplined, has exceptional work ethics

  and works well with teammates as well as his internal and external customers. He has the ability to
  positively impact projects in which he is involved, as he takes ownership of his responsibilities and

  make it happen. Anu is equipped with all the tools to be a star in his chosen area as a systems
  integration engineer and I see no limit for this talent given the right environment and challenge.

  He is an excellent team-player, effective communicator, along with his discipline and strong work
  ethics, he will definitely be an asset to any organization he chooses to offer his services."

  Dwight Thelwell,Product Design Engineer, Custom Truck & Equipment, a Utility One Source
  Company, worked directly with Anupartha at Smith Electric Vehicles


  "I worked with Anu at SMITH Electric Vehicles. He is very knowledgeable and skilled in Electrical

  Engineering, programming, embedded systems, software engineering, systems integration and
  testing. I specifically worked with him on Battery Management Systems Validation. He is a very
  strong asset for SMITH; focused on results, very intelligent, diligent problem solver, did what ever it

  took to make the project successful including long hours, late nights and weekends...but he is very
  easy to work with as he is a dedicated team player. He can be my wing man anytime!"

  Kevin McCosh,Manager - Standard Engineered Products, Industrial Accessories Company, Intl.,

   managed Anupartha indirectly at Smith Electric Vehicles



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  3/6/2016View by Todd Louie Rele