Diana Chesnutt
Warranty Services at SquareTrade
Current
Warranty Services

Past
Canvassing/ Recruiting
Front Desk Agent

Education
San Francisco State University

Summary
I am interested in all things customer service, and have a special interest in technology and how we utilize it to advance business efforts while maintaining high standards for customer experience. I have a wealth of customer service experience ranging from hospitality to the trade industry and feel I can contribute to your team through my growing customer service abilities as well as proficiency in computers and communication. My current position is with a San Francisco based private warranty electronics company handling their customer service department and warranty claims. This position requires an open mind, flexibility, patience, and the understanding that processes will be fluid. There is a constant flux of new and exciting procedures that require quick thinking and transparency in their application. I am seeking a position that will fulfill my desire to thrive in an open and positive work environment that encourages peer feedback and employee contribution towards a greater goal. I hope to expand on my strengths and experience in customer service to be a part of a growing and positive work environment that puts people first.

Experience
Warranty Services
SquareTrade
(Privately Held;Internet)
10/2013 - Present
Warranty Services Agent responsible for fielding client calls, filing claims, customer service interfacing, escalating system bugs to engineering, interfacing with various fields of management including ops, engineering, business processes. 

Utilizing customer service skills to deal with escalated customers, and working with management and specialty teams to resolve customer and system issues.


Other responsibilities include training, shadowing, QA for new hires. Mobile team claims troubleshooting, and escalations of special processes to management
Canvassing/ Recruiting
Mike Garcia District 7 - San Francisco
(;Internet)
4/2012 - 11/2012
Canvassing/Voter registration. Creating talking points bulletins at team meetings reflecting political influence and voter choices.
Front Desk Agent
Hilton Garden Inn
(Privately Held;Hospitality)
3/2011 - 11/2011
Greeting guests, responsible for check in and out of guests. General customer service, answering phone calls, responsible for guest services including reception, payment options, escalations, customer feedback. Submitted weekly report to management regarding sales volume, room occupation, and customer feedback. Responsible for training new-hires.

Education
San Francisco State University
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.),Major- Political Science and Government/ Minor- Administrative Studies