C. David Lee

Greater Nashville Area

Senior Software Developer at HealthStream


Summary

Senior Software Developer and Software Architect

 Over 17 Years of experience in architecture/design, development and maintenance of systems in
 the Financial Services, Health Care and Technology sectors.

 Major focus on development, design and implementation of C#, SQL Server and content
 management web applications using Microsoft technologies
 Emphases with communicating complex concepts clearly and effectively.

 Selected as a speaker for the 2011 Pacific NW Software Quality Conference in Portland, OR
 Experience with Agile development life cycle

 Promoting a rich client web experience through jQuery, AJAX, HTML5 & CSS solutions

 ASP.Net Application Development

 High-end / high-traffic Web sites
 C# development

 JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX
 Domain Driven Design
 Content & Document management

 SQL Development, TSQL, stored procedures & optimization
 Security Architecture, Login and Account Administration

 Test Driven Development (TDD) leveraging NUnit, QUnit & NQUnit


Experience

Senior Software Developer at HealthStream
July 2012 - Present (4 years)

Sr. Software Developer at SoftSource Consulting

October 2010 - June 2012 (1 year 9 months)
  Architecture, Development and Team Lead specializing in high delivery ASP.Net web sites &

  technologies!

Application Architect at Deloitte
August 2010 - October 2010 (3 months)

  Application Architect responsible for DeloitteNet, the firm's information portal.Sr. Software Developer at Deloitte
January 2003 - August 2010 (7 years 8 months)

Sr. Software Developer at Deloitte Services LP

January 2003 - August 2010 (7 years 8 months)

Software Developer at Deloitte
October 1999 - January 2003 (3 years 4 months)



Education
Oregon State University
Bachelor of Science (BS),Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies,1986-1992

Activities and Societies: Concert Choir, Madrigal ChoirC. David Lee

Greater Nashville Area
Senior Software Developer at HealthStream





1 person has recommended C. David

  "I've worked with David for the past year and a half at WebMD Health Services, where I lead the

  Product Development organization. David is a strong Software Developer and I'd gladly work with
  him again anytime. He ramps up quickly on anything and gets along great with everyone. The
  software he produces is well-factored and reflects excellent judgment. He helped us to develop new

  products and also to untangle some of our worst legacy code, producing strong results for anything
  we threw at him."

  Don Dornblaser,Vice President of Engineering, Compl, was C. David's client



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  6/14/2016View by Todd Louie Rele