Ameya Kalla                                                                                        akalla01@icloud.com
                                                          81-20 247th Street, Bellerose, NY, 11426 * Cell: (516)-643-6078

EXPERIENCE
Revenue Cycle Management Analyst                                                                June 2015 - September 2015
NYU Langone Medical Center, New York
       * Extracted and complied data from various system sources to develop sound analysis leading to potential 
           revenue cycle opportunities, conducted analysis related to CDM (Charge Description Master) setup, charge 
           capture, billing, and/or patient financial services. Utilized appropriate analytical tools to extract, compile 
           and manipulate data for purposes of analysis. Presented data in a clear, organized manner. Documented 
           sources, specs, and assumptions for all analysis for future reference. Understood end goal of analysis, as a 
           means to project data needs and requirements. 
       * Maintained data integrity when manipulating data files for purposes of analysis. Ensured data does not 
           become corrupted in any way when performing analysis, through conscientious use of tools and a system 
           of checks and balances. Spot checked result of queries

and reports to ensure it meets with expectations 
           before presenting finalized information. Ran data multiple ways when necessary to ensure accuracy of 
           results.
       * Liaison with department heads and other hospital personnel and executives for the purposes of 
           information gathering to enhance revenue cycle opportunities. Represented Revenue Cycle department at 
           meetings with hospital personnel. Seeks opportunities to gather information or knowledge from others 
           outside of the Revenue Cycle department.
       * Provided information and reports to other hospital constituencies regarding CDM, billing and charge 
           capture. Accurately communicated when applicable to other hospital personnel regarding Revenue Cycle 
           department matters.
       * Supervised and trained other analysts as needed. Monitored the quantity and quality of the work 
           performed by staff and institutes the appropriate follow-up to ensure desired outcomes are reached.
           Planed work flow effectively and delegated responsibilities as needed for optimum performance.
           Trained new staff members in a planned, efficient and effective manner, ensuring full understanding of 
           revenue cycle policies and procedures and facilitating optimum independent functioning of staff.
           Provided effective ongoing in-service training based on areas of identified needs; developed clear and 
           concise training sessions to meet those needs.
       * As an employee with Management level standing, demonstrated leadership qualities in all aspects of work.

Business Analyst Intern                                                              January 2013 - September 2013
Active Management Inc., New York
        * Analyzed past performance of specific trends within the medical industry in order to generate future trend 
           reports using Excel.
        * Maximized revenue through sales negotiations, proposals, and presentations.
        * Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.
        * Supplied necessary industry and market research to target new businesses.
        * Synthesized project findings into actionable recommendations with demonstrable effects on business 
           performance.

Marketing Intern                                                                     November 2011 - December 2012
Young Indian Culture Group Inc., New York
        * Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to 
            manage costs to achieve budget.
        * Communicated with customers, employees and other individuals to answer questions and explain 
            information.
        * Compiled comprehensive lists describing product and service offerings.
        * Collaborated with advertising and promotion managers to promote products and services.
        * Analyzed performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.
        * Created sales strategies to promote advertising offerings and motivate larger deals.
        * Developed innovative product solutions grounded in clear understanding of customer needs.

Medical Consultant                                                                               June 2009 - October 2011
ECentral Medical Management Inc., New York
        * Reported and consolidated company financial performance.

         *   Managed projects and served as primary liaison between client and multiple internal groups to ensure 
             clarity of goals and quality and adherence to deadlines.
         *   Offered feedback to exclusive-level management on the effectiveness of strategies, selling programs and 
             initiatives.
         *   Incorporated evidence-based care into practice environment to facility's annual budget and conducted 
             monthly reviews to ensure finances were being properly allocated.
         *   Assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to a 7% growth of the organization in 
             the 2010 fiscal year.

Marketing Intern                                                                       September 2007 - May 2008
Virgin Comics LLC, New York
        * Planned and managed event logistics.
        * Created and executed marketing/public relation campaigns, including new product introductions and 
            existing product development.
        * Worked closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities and routinely participated 
            in the sales process.
        * Developed and created a more effective filing systems to accelerate paperwork processing.
        * Researched market competitors and industry trends to identify potential new products and services.

Rotational Internship                                                                     October 2006 - June 2007
Manhattan Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation LLP, New York
        * Information Technology 
                 o Organized software licenses and handled all system updates 
                 o Applied best practices of software development while staying abreast of advances in the practice. 
                 o Coordinated and implemented network security measures to protect data, including configuring, 
                      monitoring, and maintaining virus protection software.
                 o Standardized department filing system to increase efficiency.
        * Administrative Assistant 
                 o Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
                 o Created databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory management and reporting accuracy.
                 o Worked with Human Resources on establishing hiring practices.
                 o Planned for major business changes including system conversions and office moves.
                 o Balanced batch summary reports for verification and approval.

EDUCATION
New York Institute of Technology, 2015
B.S. in Engineering Management
Minor in Minor in Energy Science, Technology, and Policy

New York City College of Technology, 2011
A.S. in Computer Engineering Technology

CERTIFICATIONS
FINRA Series 66, NASAA Uniform Combined State Law Examination, Forthcoming Nov. 2015

SKILLS
Advanced computer proficiency (both PC and Mac), Sales and marketing, MS Office Suite, Self-motivated professional,
Superior
 research skills, Complex problem solving, Superior time management, People-oriented, Flexible, Excellent 
communication skills, Reliable, Goal-oriented, Budget management, Project management, Portfolio management, 
Forecasting, Polished communication skills, Customer relations, Strength in financial planning, Product development, 
Process implementation, Analytical, Inspiring team leader, Excellent time management skills, Bilingual in Hindi &
Spanish, Project management, Social media marketing, Operations analysis, Risk management, Performance tracking and 
evaluation