Frank Porcaro

Greater Milwaukee Area

IT Manager and Enterprise Architect


Experience

Enterprise Systems Technology Manager at Artisan Partners
January 2016 - Present (7 months)


Vice President, Technology and Application Development at OnCourse Learning
October 2014 - January 2016 (1 year 4 months)

Solution Architect/Practice Leader at Allium IT

August 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 3 months)
  Magento Integration
    - Magento Sync - Custom scala application to receive JSON notifications from Magento for

   Product, Customer, Order and Credit Memo adds and edits. Notifications were analyzed and
   appropriate corresponding Salesforce objects were created or updated.

    - Partner pricing integration - Design and integrate with custom Magento REST api to create the
   ability for B2B partners to receive special pricing on orders using pricing rules stored in Salesforce.

   Salesforce Apex code would match pricing rules to Magento products.

  Salesforce development projects

    - Publishing royalty contract and calculation system - Support contract definition for book authors
   with variable royalty calculation methods and payment timetables. Create statements with detailed

   breakdown of purchase history and royalties due.
    - Custom jQuery grid to edit pricing rules - Support optimized entry and maintenance of pricing

   rules on a per-customer basis
    - Automatic contract and renewal opportunity creation - Convert closed won bank compliance
   training opportunities into annual contracts and create future-dated renewal opportunities for sales

   follow-up.
    - Fulfillment engine to analyze orders for products, determining which systems need to receive

   enrollment details or physical product delivery instructions.
    - Custom Apex application for synchronizing data from custom interview scheduling applicaiton

   into Salesforce allowing customer service agents to support interview tech support.


  Integration efforts
    - Implement and support Marketo/Salesforce integration     - EDI integration for pushing drop ship orders from Salesforce to our EDI integration partner with

   support for order acknowledgement and advanced ship notice
     - Talend ESB job to find and close out opportunities based on orders placed directly into legacy

   Learning Management Systems (LMSs)
     - Talend ESB job for loading customer and order data from Salesforce into MAS 500 accounting

   system

Project Manager / Senior Developer at Stark Investments
August 2006 - August 2012 (6 years 1 month)

  Projects include:


   Investor Management and Client Relationship Management system implementation  Responsible
   for design and implementation of Salesforce.com system containing all details for an investor from

   the point first contact is made through investment. This included development of many custom
   VisualForce and Apex modules for automated workflow implementation and integration with client

   portal. Integrated with internal systems for client reporting and investor document portal. Also
   included data conversion and migration from existing SalesLogix implementation. This was an

   ongoing, long-term project including maintaining the relationship with the business team, capturing
   and implementing new requirements, managing the implementation as the resources involved

   changed over time.


   Commodity system integration  Integrated KIODEX commodity data with existing instrument
   master.


   Partnership accounting system  Oversaw the selection and implementation and integration of

   a partnership accounting package. This involved working with the potential vendors, helping the
   business to understand their requirements and move the working team to their final decision.


   Live Profit and Loss application  Worked on three-member team to implement tool that tied

   together position management and order management systems with various pricing data sources
   to provide live profit and loss details for portfolio managers.


   Investor Statement Application  Developed C# application to construct investor statements by

   extracting data from partnership accounting spreadsheets and the Investor Management System.


   Portal Document Packaging Application  Designed and developed C# application to manage
   the organization and packaging of investor statements for upload and publishing to a third-party

   investor portal.   Excel training course  Developed and taught Microsoft Excel course focusing on enhancing excel

   skills for casual to moderately-experienced Excel users.

System Architect and Project Manager at Innovative Thinking Inc.
April 2011 - June 2012 (1 year 3 months)

   Responsible for building, managing and participating on a team of part-time developers to design
   and implement a consumer-facing, family media site to document and share personal and family

   history in a private, secure, and permanent setting.
   Utilized many different technologies Java, Vaadin, Tomcat, Amazon Web Services, RESTful API,

   MySQL

Principal/CTO at Techteriors
October 2001 - August 2006 (4 years 11 months)

   Co-founded company providing integrated technology systems for residences and commercial
   facilities designed to enhance the entertainment, safety and convenience of our clients.


   Responsible for all technology decisions within the company, overseeing all project designs.


   Developed custom proposal and project management application using Java, DB4O (Object-

  oriented database) and Eclipse RCP.

Senor Project Manager / Emerging Technologies Team Lead at Compuware Professional Services

November 1992 - October 2001 (9 years)
   Mobile Development Team  Lead team that built mobile development practice, developing an

   embedded Java wrapper for the PalmOS API. Framework allowed us to build performant mobile
   applications in the construction software, used oil collection and other mobile industries. Also

   developed a Windows CE application for the pest control industry.


   Electronic Voting System Prototype  Swing-based voting station
  application prototype allowing municipalities to develop interactive ballots and present ballots to

   voters on kiosk-based devices, printing ballot summary and tallying votes.


   Pacemaker Programmer Prototype  Embedded Java-based prototype for querying and
   programming an implanted cardiac rhythm management device. Required simulating implanted

   device information flow and rigorous testing.


   Visual Rater  Smalltalk-based graphical programming language allowing insurance raters to
   define and test ultimately batch run complex rating algorithms.   Visual Telemarketing Script Engine  Smalltalk-based graphical programming language for
   developing, testing and executing complex telemarketing scripts, including accessing and

   collecting user data from external data sources including SQL databases and flat files.


   Developed and taught 3-day object-oriented development course using Smalltalk.

Software Developer at Frontier Technologies Corp
1991 - 1992 (1 year)

   Responsible for numerous Microsoft Windows C communications projects including an installation
   program that provided installation and uninstallation of software components with module

   dependencies, a TN3270 emulator and OSI&TCP/IP stack configuration application.


Education

University of Wisconsin-Parkside
Bachelor of Science,Computer Science,1987-1991
Activities and Societies: Cross Country Team
St. Catherine's High School

1984-1987Frank Porcaro

Greater Milwaukee Area
IT Manager and Enterprise Architect





1 person has recommended Frank


  "I had the pleasure of working with Frank for several years while I served as the COO and CAO
  of Stark Investments. In addition, I feel that I have worked with many talented professionals over
  the years and Frank easily falls into the top 2%. As a project manager and senior developer at

  Stark, Frank wore many hats and wore them well. His array of skills is incredibly broad and I know
  very few people who can align the business with the technology as well as Frank. He truly gets
  everyone on the same team by communicating effectively and leading the project to a successful

  finish. As most systems were proprietary, the types of projects Frank led were very complex. I can't
  say enough good things about Frank and unconditionally recommend him for similar roles."

  Bob DiDonato, CIMA,Financial Advisor, Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., managed Frank
  indirectly at Stark Investments




Profile Notes and Activity (1)
  7/19/2016View by Todd Louie Rele