Tawnee Kendall 
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE MANAGER, CUSTOMER CARE at GOOGLE 
  tawnee.kendall@gmail.com    linkedin.com/in/tawneekendall 
  
SUMMARY 
Proven leader in creating outstanding customer experiences through one-to-one and one-to-many support 
channels. Creative thinker with strong focus on metrics and analytics to achieve success. Dedicated 
advocate for customers and users. Excellent cross-functional collaborator with a passion for new 
technologies. 
 
  CURRENT RESPONSIBILITIES 
● Defining Google Care's brand and roadmap for consumer products in 2015.  
● Redesigning end-to-end support experience for a set of Google products:  
○ Introduction of proactive support elements. 
○ Introduction of new channel: Video Chat 
○ Designing requirements around premium-tier agent profiles. 
● Responsible for all processes for team of over 600 agents across 3 locations. 
● Ongoing extensive internal & competitive analysis to drive current programs. 
● Leverage analytical tools and frameworks (including Lean Six Sigma) to drive short- and 
long-term process improvements for Top Contact Drivers (TCDs). 
 
RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE 
Google, Inc. - Consumer Operations     April 2012 - present 
Process Excellence Manager, Customer Care 
● Process designer and manager of the End-to-End Experience program: determining 
strengths and weaknesses of Google's customer support. 
○ Internal & competitive analysis provided 11 Design Principles for Customer Care 
team to design against. 
● Lead team to implement new channel of customer support: Video Chat. 
○ Defining brand of support over video 
○ Establishing premium profile for agent hiring  
○ Overseeing tools and taxonomy development programs 
○ Launching video chat in brick-and-mortar retail experiences (UK) 
● Launched High Touch Support programs for unsupported (free) products 
○ Lead team of Product Specialists to deliver close-the-loop campaigns on >30 
individual Top User Issues to drive CSAT, RR, and product usage. 
○ Designed standards for training & quality assistance. 
● Established experimentation center as a support incubation site to validate hypothesis of 
proposed changes before rolling-out to entire global operation. 
○ “Universal Agent”: move from siloed support structure to new elastic agent model. 
Agent is trained to handle 80% of all questions, across 7 product areas, with 
first-time resolution.  
■ Pilot agents achieved blended CSAT of 87-90% (vs 77-85% for siloed system). 
■ Launched scaled operation with 90-95% CSAT. 
 
 
 
   
Sr. Content Strategist, Consumer Operations, Google+ 
● Lead content strategy team on complete redesign of visual experience of all Google Help 
Centers. Managed Google+ implementation as first product. 
○ Led online and in-person UX experiments to inform direction of new help center 
organization for Google+. 
○ Led new video production strategy ($50k budget) to enhance user education. 
● Information architecture: Reduced HC size by 20%. 
○ Deprecated low page view articles, consolidated top viewed content by 50%. 
○ Launched rich media redesign for 34 top viewed articles. 
● Led Mobile First initiative: 
○ Drove 120% increase in PVs to iOS topic and reduced bounce rate for iOS HC by 57%. 
○ Drove traffic to device-agnostic content (Avg. 600% increase in Mobile PVs). 
● Designed strategic plan for rich media implementation across all Google-wide help centers. 
 
YouTube, Google    September 2011 - April 2012 
Sr. Product Support Strategist,  
● Owner of User Support components encompassing Search/Discovery, Social/Sharing, 
Channels, Made for Web and Google+  integration including Hangouts over Air. 
○ Launch coverage and support - provide support content for Help Centers and 
one-to-many support through the forum. 
○ Creator of Launch Tiering & Tracking process: new internal procedure for tracking 
progress and success of launches. 
● Community Manager: one-on-one & one-to-many interactions; assessed user feedback and 
worked with Product and Engineering teams to implement change in product.  
 
Slide, Inc. (acquired by Google Aug 2010; functioned autonomously)      August 2010 - September 2011 
Forum Designer & Project Manager; Lead Community Manager 
● Lead Feature Program Manager for launch of new Product Forum (SocialStar):  
○ Led product development for core customer support experience. Worked directly 
with engineering to determine (develop/construct) feature list for launch. Migrated to 
project manager to ensure and validate feature launch. 
○ Analyzed user feedback, bugs, and overall community health in order to develop new 
strategies for growing community and game activity as well as strategies for 
improving user on-boarding and education. 
○ Increased traffic to Help Center (28%+ PVs) and promoted better traffic flow 
throughout the site. 
● Lead Feature Program Manager, Social mobile app: 
○ Lead for all marketing, community, and social aspects of project. 
○ Project managed cross-functional teams (Eng, Product, Design). 
○ Conducted competitive research and analysis. 
○ Cultivated future online community through Beta Testing: gathered Beta Testing 
group (Engaged ~300 people throughout 141 Greek Chapters across 5 schools). 
○ Promote concept of brand through live event, and online community interaction. 
 
Creative Labs, Inc. (E-MU & CSW)          August 2009 - August 2010 
Social Media, Community & Marketing Manager 
● Led team (2FTE; 4 contract) to produce content, manage community, and promote growth. 
○ Produced 80 videos in 8 months. 
○ Drove traffic from 0 to 200,000k views in 6 months. 
● Implemented metrics-driven strategic plans for increasing online membership, promoting 
brand awareness, and improving online sales. 
● Strengthened and grew Creative's online presence on multiple social media platforms: 
Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Lithium online Forums, and Company Blog. 
● Provided live-event promotional video coverage of music festivals, concerts, professional 
gaming events, and awards shows. 
 
 
   
Juniper Networks, Inc. February 2007 - August 2009  
Media & Community Manager, Web Business & Strategy Team 
● Responsible for growing Juniper Networks global community across Juniper Forum, 
Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube: 
○ Grew community usage over 800% between 2008-2009 
EDUCATION 
University of California, Berkeley          2004-2007 
Bachelors Degree, Intercultural Studies of Visual Images & Representation 
Self-written major through ISF (Interdisciplinary Studies Field Major)  focused on how historical & 
cultural influences cause differences in reception, interpretation, and consumption of media. 
Areas of study: India, China, Japan, N. Americas 
SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE 
● Well versed in social media & community platforms including: Lithium Technologies 
Community Suite, Jive SBS, Simplefeed Enterprise RSS, Tweet Deck, HootSuite, Conversocial 
● Adobe Creative Suite: Premiere, Photoshop, DreamWeaver 
● Video Editing suites: Sony Vegas Platinum, Apple iMovie, Final Cut Pro  
