National Sales Manager - Swanel Beverage
Responsible for hiring, training, motivating and managing the local sales team covering 3 states as well as managing distributors throughout the U.S., Caribbean and South America.
Area Manager - Performance Food Group
Responsible for selling food products to on-sale accounts in the Chicago South area, take orders daily, manage the order process, collect accounts payable, deposits, cold calling new accounts, competitive product analysis, and creating a cost saving presentation working with accounts and product suppliers. Learned all duties and a new industry in three days. Assigned an open territory with just a potential customer list. Created a target list based on dollar sales potential.
Area Sales Manager - Roaring Lion Energy Drink, LLC
Responsible for over 200 on-premise sales, key account management (Ala Carte Entertainment, The Globe, Joe’s on Weed street and more), two part-time Brand Ambassadors, distributor management, ride-withs with distributor reps, team meetings, trainings, sales “crew drives,” Point-of-Sale management, college events, bar parties, selling drink list specials, new distribution, distributor inventory, and production. Opened over 70 new accounts. Recommended and changed distributor. Recommended and changed producer.
On - Accel Entertainment
-Premise Slots) by the Illinois Gaming Board
Sales Representative - Union Beverage
Union is the state's third-largest wine & spirits wholesaler in the state
Sales Representative - 
Responsible for wine, liquor, beer and non-alcoholic brand sales for 120 on-premise accounts (Hi Tops, Cubby Bear, Sidetrack, University Club, and other high profile accounts) and off-sale accounts, collections, tasting events, bar nights, implementing branded national marketing programs, charity events, waitstaff trainings, and supplier ride-withs. Consistently ranked as the #1 team salesperson. Increase sales in a new territory from 250K to 750K. Assigned to train new sales employees.
Account Manager - XLTEK
Responsible for sales of capital equipment including neuro-physiological diagnostic products, selling, installing, and training neurologists, technicians, and doctors of physical medicine in hospitals, labs, and private practice. Sold 126% of quota. Sold 1st portable PSG system in the country. Learned new industry EEG, EMG, PSG equipment, all products, procedures and medical jargon in one month.
Account Manager - Snap Laboratories
Responsible for managing health care groups, ENT’s, internists, general and family practitioners, as well as pediatricians, training, addressing insurance issues, service equipment, and sales. Promoted within the first 6 months and gained more responsibility. Promoted again 5 months later and gained more responsibility. Ranked #1 in the country for the sales of sleep study tests.
Education

Communications, Bachelor of Arts, Purdue University
Skills

Account Management, Accounts Payable, Analysis, Cold Calling, Competitive, Contact Management, Contract Management, Hiring, Insurance, Inventory Management, Legal, Management, Marketing, Meeting Facilitation, Microsoft, Production, Sales, Tops, Video