Robin Trehan
4054 N. Keystone Chicago, IL 60641
312-593-3406  •  robintrehan@yahoo.com


PROFILE

My work experience and education has given me a broad understanding of the business concepts and has provided an analytical approach to problem solving. I also bring an entrepreneurial mindset and know when and how to take risks, how to foster lasting client relationships and maintain calm demeanor in the face of difficulties
I am a hardworking, resilient person who is always willing to learn and am adept at quickly mastering new skills and responsibilities. My global experience in has honed my interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. I pride myself for my integrity, perseverance and work ethics.


CORE COMPETENCIES

• Cross-Functional Team Leadership • Self starter/Entrepreneurship • Project Management
• Marketing & Forecasting Analysis  • Public Speaking / Presentations • Global experience
• Business Analysis • Client facilitation • Information Technology 

                                                                                                                                                                                      
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Independent Consultant              Credit Capital Funding Ltd                                                 Chicago,IL             2003 - Present  
Consulted many clients across various industries including Real Estate, Hospitality and Banking Industry.
Actively involved in sales processes by helping response preparations for the RFPs/RFIs and making client presentations.
Provided detailed analysis to the clients in the real estate, banking business. Built pricing models for real estate, hospitality and financial projects.
Helped clients in debt financing and other financial requirements. Helped close over $100 Million in transaction volume both in sales and debt financing.
Business Analyst           Air France    Chicago, IL
2002- 2003    
Studied and analyzed the business systems and processes at the Air France Chicago office from a customer standpoint.
Learned the capabilities and the functionalities of the overall airline operations including flight planning, weight and balance and reservation & security systems.
Worked extensively on Amadeus, Gaetan, Alpha 3 Flight Operations, IMS, World Tracer Baggage Tracing system
Maintain high Customer services and quality control in various operations.
Dealt with various securities agencies including Customs, Dept. of Agriculture and Immigrations.
Intern        Hewlett & Packard                                     Grenoble, France
2002-2002
Assisted in HP product lines business development in France and Great Britain.
Work with Product Developers to ensure that customer requirements were incorporated in the products
Supported direct sales channels by providing knowledge about the upcoming products.
Conducted market analysis for the launch of new products.
Supported in the testing and launch of new products.
2002- Present                 iPurse™                                                                                          Chicago, IL
Founder and Partner 
Created fashion brand iPurse.
Worked with designer and manufactures across the spectrum for product sourcing.
Increase the product line and created online and offline presence. 
Significantly enhanced company branding and business development and positioning for Disinvestment.
Define team and recruit appropriate skill as needed.

2008- Present                  iBulletin.com                                                                                     Chicago, IL
Founder
Founded Information portal for global news and information.
http://ibulletin.com/

Marketing Representative         Halwasiya Properties Limited                                      Lucknow, India
1997-1999
Did market research to understand the consumer requirements for the apartment properties.
Helped in the sales processes by answering customer queries.
Learnt the sales processes and the sales cycle in the real-estate industry


EDUCATION

Masters in Business Administration (MBA)
Grenoble Ecole De Management, Grenoble, France
Concentration:  E-commerce and Finance

Masters in International Business (MIB)
ENPC School Of International Business, Paris, France
Concentration:  International Marketing and Finance


Bachelor in Arts (BA)
Indira Gandhi University Delhi, India
Concentration:  Economics and Public Administration


CERTIFICATIONS

Electronic Research & Development Corporation: Electronic Customer Relationship Management (e-CRM)
National Institute of Information Technology NIIT: Certified Linux Administrator
University of Cambridge, U.K: Business English Certificate-2, 3
UPTEC, India: Diploma in Computer Proficiency, Net gains Program
International Business Machines (IBM), India: Tally Accounting, Lotus SmartSuite

PUBLICATIONS

PWC paper on Shareholders value and conflict of interest
B2B, E- Commerce, EDI its future and beyond.
ENPC MBA: Intellectual Property Rights in Cyber Era.
ENPC MBA: Automotive Network Exchange
Business articles and publications in real estate finance and retail fashion industry

TECHNICAL SKILLS

MS DOS, UNIX, Linux, Windows 2000, Windows NT, Lotus
Linux Power User, Linux System Administrator, Advanced Linux system Administration, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, C, FoxPro, Lotus Smart Suite, Tally Accounting, Lotus SmartSuite, Visual basic concepts, RDBMS concepts, SQL concepts, Oracle Concepts, ERP concepts, Siebel 2000

LANGUAGES
English, Hindi, French (basic), German (Learning)