Russell Seamster  Page 4
 Russell Seamster
10303 Masters Court ¨ New Market, MD 21774 ¨ rseamster@yahoo.com ¨  (301) 305-7909

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Experience managing product portfolio.
Proven ability to negotiate contracts and effectively lead cross-functional core teams.
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills.
Experienced in working with senior management and executive level.
Ability to manage vendors on a global scale, and adjust to adverse situations for timely execution of product roadmap.
Passion for creating new products. 
Enjoys demanding, fast paced work environment.
Wireless carrier management experience.
Worked for wireless carrier managing OEM relationships.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sony Electronics, San Diego, CA                                                                                                             2007-Present 
 Sr. Manager, Wireless Program Management and Business Intelligence 
Responsible for managing team of program managers and wireless intelligence analyst focused on wireless networked products (consumer and enterprise). This responsibility includes resource planning, operational setup, and financial accountability.
Accountable for managing & fostering relationships with AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint in the US and Telus, Rogers, and Iusacell outside the US. 
Managed wireless carrier expectations regarding Sony product portfolio. Focused on activation levels and user experience.
Responsible for Sony’s wireless module strategy and relationships in the North American market.
Responsible for resolving executive level escalations concerning product deliverables and third party contractual agreements. Reporting on regular basis to senior leadership teams locally and in Japan.
Led pre-launch and post launch activities for first wireless embedded Vaio notebook PCs, with Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T.
Provided recommendations for various business models for direct and indirect PC channel. Reviewed module subsidy and carrier subsidy business models relating to embedded launches. 
Provides senior leadership with mobile marketing trends, analysis, and recommendations regarding Sony’s mobile portfolio and strategy.  
Responsible for prelaunch and post launch activities of new wireless products.
Led operational setup of wireless customer care and technical support.
Managed setup of SIM card logistics including green partner compliance, purchasing, and shipping to factories in Japan, and China.
Launched Sony Vaio notebooks, WiFi camera, digital reading devices (PRS900 & PRS950), and WiFi Walkman.
Launched Sony’s first wireless reading devices and managed the product development lifecycle including operational setup with retail stores.
Successfully worked with product planning teams in Tokyo and US to design product features, and mobile networking elements.
Assisted with defining user experience on multiple products including the wireless connection manager for payment processing on carrier networks.
Experience includes vast knowledge of FCC, PTCRB, and US carrier certification requirements and onboarding processes.
Created a best practices approach to launching wireless products. As this was a new concept at Sony it required multiple meetings with senior executives to implement.  
Established ‘core teams’ approach within Sony during my first year with the company to effectively manage wireless carrier engagements.

Sprint Nextel Communications, Reston, VA                                                                                          2004 - 2007
  Product Manager, Embedded Mobile Computing
Product portfolio manager responsible for launching Dell, Sony, Panasonic, and embedded WAN notebooks. This responsibility included managing internal and external core teams.
Developed strategic relationships with module manufacturers and module integrators to drive mobile broadband subscriptions.
Responsible for Sprint’s strategy, and product portfolio of embedded mobile computing devices and RF (Radio Frequency) modules. 
This role included leading product development efforts on both the CDMA and iDEN product lines. 
The mobile computing portfolio included rugged handheld devices, rugged notebooks, consumer notebooks, and ultra portable notebooks.
Launched Nextel’s first RF modem (io200) including, Push-To-Talk, GPS, data, and voice integrated services.
Responsible for resolving executive level escalations concerning product deliverables and roadmap.
Organized and set direction for cross-functional team of individuals from Sprint Nextel, hardware manufacturers, and device integrators to ensure successful product launches. Served as cross-functional core team leader for marketing, engineering, indirect sales, and customer operations.
Managed product lifecycle, while working with management on program cost and delivery of the Symbol MC9097 rugged handheld. This was Sprint’s first rugged handheld iDEN scanner with; Walkie Talkie, voice, data, and GPS.
Developed product requirements for new wireless modules.
Vendor management – Managed vendor relationships to ensure RF modems, and mobile computing devices met market requirements, were released on time, and within budget.
Continued to enhance Sprint Nextel’s market presence and product portfolio in the embedded solutions market by meeting with, and presenting to potential and existing integrators to discuss product roadmaps. 
Served as Sprint’s ambassador to promote goals and strategy within the embedded market.
Provided assistance and insight to Sprint’s international team with carrier partner development. This included sharing lessons learned in the embedded space to assist Iusacell (Mexico) and Bell Mobility (Canada) with embedded engagements. This results in direct consulting revenue for Sprint.
Key member of original team tasked with focusing on the embedded market for Sprint. This effort began as a small committee that developed into a company wide strategy.

Aether Systems, Incorporated, Owings Mills, MD  2000 to 2004
 Program Manager, AT&T Wireless Partnership- Carrier Relations
Accountable for success of AT&T Wireless (AWS)/ Aether Systems relationship to sell AWS products and services.
Fostered relationship between Aether and AWS to ensure future business while adding over 250k in data revenue to bottom line.
Managed projects according to budget restraints and Return On Investment (ROI). This included the order to cash process, merchandise returns, and Profit/Loss analysis.
Provided staffing models in accordance with budget and device projections for technical support and customer care.
Integrated various operational groups into one organizational structure between AWS and Aether to successfully launch service offerings.
Negotiated contract between Aether and AT&T Wireless including Service Level Agreement for Aether’s Customer Service organization.
Executed project plan and monitored ongoing operational issues with AWS counterpart.
Devised plan to fulfill devices and upgrade software for new customers.

Project Manager, Operations/Customer Care
Efficiently maintained support systems for large volume, multi-million dollar wireless applications, including Sun Microsystems, Goldman Sachs, Charles Schwab, TD Waterhouse, E*Trade, Merrill Lynch, and Symbol Technologies. 
Collaborated with Engineering, Operations, and Program Management departments to determine project requirements, and application specifications.
Directly communicated with external clients to negotiate service pricing, support requirements, and project development including government sectors of Homeland Security and various police departments around the nation.
Coordinated materials and presentations with training department to educate clients and internal technical specialists about custom applications, hardware specifications, and network architecture.
Acquired working knowledge of wireless networks, including CDPD, Mobitex, and GSM/GPRS.
Developed and monitored project schedules, while adjusting deadlines as necessary. 
Negotiated contracts and service level agreements for all external wireless contracts, including Mobile Government agreements with state and local police departments.
Designed and built toll free phone numbers for customers using Java based phone system from Interactive Intelligence (i3). 
Managed project processes, including device termination, order entry, and returned merchandise authorization. Also, documented the processes in an ISO certified format.
 
Karch International, Incorporated, McLean, VA 1997 to 2000
Technical Services and Training Manager 
Managed technical staff of twelve individuals including training, and database administrators for corporate and satellite offices. 
Developed national training program for Karch International.
Created a CRM software package using FoxPro language to track incoming and outgoing technical calls in order to improve staff efficiencies. 
Organized Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and NASA databases onsite for use with Karch software.
Conducted wide variety of installation and software usage workshops to external end users, including government installations such as NRC, NASA, and The White House.
Performed database conversions for customers wishing to purchase Karch healthcare software. 
Researched financial billing systems, and provided technical support for large accounts, including Johnson & Johnson, Mobile, and Chevron.  
Investigated customer database systems for security and integrity flaws using FoxPro.
Served as technical reference for Sales department interfacing with customers as necessary.  

Global Mail Limited, Sterling, VA  1999
Software Engineer - Networking/FoxPro Programmer  
Setup new workstations for employees and performed backup solutions on Novel 4.11 network. 
Configured Cisco routers and assisted with implementation of corporate Wide Area Network.
Reduced processing time and entry errors through construction of programs to configure bulk-mailing strips for international shipping using the FoxPro programming language.

Rockingham Mutual Insurance, Harrisonburg, VA  1997
Software Engineer - Cobol Programmer/Network Assistant 
Provided corporate network support, including workstation setup and hardware troubleshooting. 
Replaced established COAX cable system with new fiber optic lines and CATV cabling.
Maintained auto and life insurance programs within NCR environment through Cobol programming. 
Analyzed existing code and resolved design errors of existing Cobol programs.



EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science & Business Administration 
Eastern Mennonite University, Harrisonburg, VA

International Business & Technology 
Wakkanai Hokusei Gakuen College, Wakkanai, Japan