HIGHLIGHTS 
 
10 years managing strategy and marketing projects 
for a variety of world class companies in a number 
of diverse business sectors including Technology, 
Hospitality, FMCG and Food & Beverage Sectors.  
 
Expert knowledge and expertise in technology 
sector; in particular with online sector including 
mobile, software as a service (SAAS), social 
platforms & games.  
 
3 years as events director at Ireland’s biggest and 
brightest corporate events company. 
 
Experienced Brand Builder with particular 
knowledge of  the complexities of international 
business and how to launch in multiple countries 
and operate effectively within the global market.  
 
In the last five years, I’ve helped over 45 startup 
companies find funding, get themselves together 
and launch their first product. 
 
I’m an experienced presenter and public speaker, 
who loves the chance to passionately interact with 
listeners, customers and anyone who’ll listen. 
 
I’m a serious technology advocate and early 
adopter. I’m also a founder of University College 
Cork’s Small Business Cloud Incubator Initiative and 
Financial Services Innovation Centre. 
 
I volunteer my time as a strategic advisor and 
mentor to @coderdojo, a global initiative to teach 
kids aged 12-17 how to code.  
 
CAREER 
Management Consultant, NextBigThing (2009– current) 
Strategy Consultant, OGI innovation (2005– 2009) 
Product Manager, Impact Brands (2004 – 2006) 
Marketing & Events, Jury’s Doyle Hotels (2003 – 2004) 
Event Director, Unique Group Dublin (1998 – 2003) 
 
EDUCATION 
BSc Computer Sci & Economics, University College Cork 
Masters in Project Management, UC Limerick  
Diploma in Event Production, George Washington Uni.  
Diploma in Public Relations, Irish Academy of PR 
Diploma in Marketing, Irish Marketing Institute 
 
HOBBIES 
Cooking – I’m a professional amateur chef who loves 
everything about food; buying it, cooking it and eating it. 
 
Snowboarding – My guilty pleasure; I love snow and I 
figured that it would be easier and less pretentious that 
skiing.  
 
Gaming – The other guilty pleasure; that technically 
occasionally qualifies as “research” for work.  
 
GET IN TOUCH WITH ME 
✉ donalc@gmail.com 
✆ +353 85 153 6394 
 
tweet @donal_cahalane 
skype donal.cahalane 
 
SPECIALITIES 
  
Brand Champion – Live the brand, eat/sleep the brand, find ways to wear the same 
branded t-shirt 365 days of the year and still look respectable in meetings. 
 
Jargon Free Project & Product Management – Make stuff happen in a way that’s efficient, 
measureable and that assigns responsibility without giving people “spreadsheet blindness”.  
 
Experiential Marketing/Launching – Connect with customers in new and unusual ways. 
Drive acquisition and real retention and build true customer loyalty without tricking or 
bribing them. Particular experience in launches -from nowhere one day to everywhere the 
next, there’s a art to successful launching a product, service or business.  
 
SELECTED EXPERIENCE 
 
 Marketing, Strategy and Big Picture Business Planning for companies ranging 
from global giants with international footprints to helping startups find their 
roadmap from kickoff to profitability. Brand & Business launch strategies for two 
new international hotel chains that have now over 220 properties built globally. 
 
 Product Marketing and Country Management for International Luxury Drinks 
brand portfolio, which grew in value from $2m to $420m in just 6 years.  
 
 Senior Event Manager & Head VIP Services, MTV Europe Music Awards Dublin. 
Staff coordinator World Special Olympics Games, Dublin. Venue Manager, 
Microsoft 15th Anniversay Celebrations, Dublin.  
 
 Event Management for O2, Microsoft, Guinness, C&C, Pfizer, IBM and more. 
Launch Events in Ireland for Microsoft XBOX, Four Seasons Hotels, Red Bull and 
Starwood Hotels. 
 
 Product Management and Road Mapping for over a dozen small/medium web 
applications/platforms. 
 
 Experience and Community based Marketing for some of the world’s best known 
brands – Guinness, Red Bull, Carlsberg, Nokia, Motorola, Xbox.  
 
 Organizer of Twitter Teatime Dublin & #tweetmeettues. Experience in organizing 
technical developer events for Twitter, Facebook and other technology 
companies. 
 
SKILLS 
Product Management: expert in planning and delivering product roadmaps, working 
with/managing  teams, market/consumer research. 
 
Marketing: including brand management, copy and technical writing, press release writing. 
Particular expertise and emphasis on Social Media and Online Marketing. Expert knowledge 
in creating and delivering online and offline community marketing, loyalty programmes 
and mechanisms for collecting insights.  
 
Project Management: Including technical documentation reporting mechanisms. Familiar 
and trained in Scrum, Agile and Lean Startup PM methodologies. 
 
High Level of IT Skills including presentations, web video, web development, as well as a 
basic knowledge of common coding languages and app development. 
 
 
 
“DC is a unique talent (pardon the pun), an 
ideas genius who can execute highly 
technical and complex projects in a way 
that makes the rest of us look lazy!” 
Paraic Kelly, MD Unique Group 
 
“Working with DC is so refreshing. His most 
overlooked skill is his ability to keep the 
team in good spirits even at 3am with 
project deadlines looming.  
Dan Holland, Westin Hotels 
 
“Before Donal got involved, our project to become a 
serious player in the  healthcare industry seemed to 
get further away every day. Now that we’re here, a 
major share of the credit lies directly at his feet.” 
Eoghan McSweeney, MD CityDoc 
 
DC CAHALANE 
STRATEGY, PRODUCT MANGER & BRAND EVANGELIST