Jie Liu
 3312 Hudson Ave, Apt 12J • Union City, NJ 07087 • Phone: 347­421­4224 • zjliujie@gmail.com
 EXPERIENCE
 Bloomberg L.P.
 Senior Software Developer, since Jun 2006
 ● UNIX server­side multithreading software system design and development for               
 various online applications including financial information search functions, trading               
 analytics tools, usage data analytics tools.
 ● Service­Oriented client/server, multi­tier software design and development.
 ● Financial trading software user interface design and development
 ● Object oriented software component design and development using Design Patterns.
 ● Financial database applications design and development involving complex
 dynamic SQL construction and database designs
 ● Involved in Distributed System design and implementation for critical financial
 transaction processing system
 ● Developed a system for financial professionals to search and modify trade and                     
 order records.
 ● Developed system for internal products and sales group to monitor and analyse                     
 customer usages of product features.
 ● Product enhancements to simplify trader's work flow during complex trading                 
 process.
 ● Product enhancements to provide customers better flexibility to managing view                 
 permissions of critical financial records.
 ● Multiple major enhancements to improve usability of the most important trading                   
 system supported by our group.
 Microsoft Corporation
 Software Design Engineer Intern, Summer 2005
 ● Provided event log support for Internet Information Services 7 Listener Adapter interface.
 ● Created debugger extensions for Internet Information Services 7 Web Administration                 
 Service and configuration system.
 ● Replaced Banned APIs in Internet Information Services 7 code with safe version APIs.
 Personal Projects:
 ● Ideation and Market Analysis of a Location­Based Social Mobile App:
 Concept Page: http://continornow.appspot.com
 Survey Results: http://goo.gl/1Fe66 Password: exponential
 ● Ideation and Development of a Mobile App that autimatically tracks all user’s
 Facebook friends’ photos and publicly shared photos that the user passes by. As
 user move from locations to locations, the App creates a timeline of photos that
 user encounters at each locations. The App allows users to see which friends have
 been to the places they are visiting, and help starts conversations ­ “Hey I am at
 MOMA, just saw you were here before...”; It also help users make new
 connections if they share photos publicly. The App is in the process of
 development and can be demoed in my iPhone.
● Designed and Developed a Mobile Gift Card system for small merchants. Was able
 to acquire real users.
 Web Site: http://alreadypaid.it
 iOS App: http://goo.gl/yaa3b
 ● Ideation and Implementation of a Location­Based Social Mobile App that utilized
 Facebok Open Graph Data to connect users to people nearby who shares
 commom interests. Ex, if two users from the same college both liked NYC
 Badminton Club, and they were near each other, they can find each other by
 “Signaling” on the system.
 ● Ideation and design of a social network for people to share problems in life.
 Currently users on most social networks tends to compete for popularity. Few are
 willing to share issues in life due to fear of looking like a “loser”. Yet life is full of
 problems, and people often have genuine urges to vent their anger/sadness,
 as demonstrated by posts on some primitively built websites and
 community sites. I conceptualized and designed a network that
 encourage healthy discussions of issues in life, for people having
 common issues to sympathize and support each other. It protects
 user's identity while letting user choose to reveal certain background
 info, which helps users relate to each other. It also provides therapists
 and advisers opportunities to offer advices while advertising
 themselves. This project is work in progress.
 General Electric Company, Atlanta, GA
 Information Management Leadership Program Intern, Summer 2004
 ● Researched and set up monitoring tools for software applications.
 ● Created strategies for deploying monitoring tools and utilizing metrics to drive                   
 application simplification.
 Technologies and Knowledge
 ● iOS Objective­C Mobile App development
 ● User Interface development with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, GTK+
 ● Python Server­Side programming;; Django Web Frameworks; Google App Engine
 ● Object­Oriented C++, C#  software design and development
 ● Software Design Patterns
 ● Database design and complex SQL
 ● Semantic Web technologies
 ● ASP.NET web applications, web services, windows applications design and development
 ● Flex/Flash ActionScript 3D Graphical Multi­Touch Interface application design and development
 STUDENT PROJECTS
 Created a social­networking web portal focusing on hierarchical community creation and
 organization, resource sharing, using ASP.NET software tools and SQL Server; Designed
 Asp.net web pages and created data components.
 Created a network programming utility tool in C++ for web service and application
 developers to monitor, manipulate, format and log SOAP request and response
 messages exchanged between client process and server.  
Implemented a phonebook directory in C++, constructed proper data structures and
 efficient algorithms to optimize performance.
 Designed and implemented a microprocessor­based phone message handling and
 dialing system, wrote assembly language code to enable microprocessor to control
 external chip and circuit.   
 Simulated a 32­bit multi­cycle CPU based on MINPS instructions. Utilized Verilog to
 design and simulate modules. Utilized ModelSim to test and debug. 
 Designed short­span 2­D truss bridge, analyzed stress distributions, wrote program and
 utilized MatLab to predict the maximum load and the breaking point. Our group made the
 most accurate prediction of maximum load and breaking point in our class. 
 EDUCATION
 Boston University, College of Engineering, Boston, MA
 Master of Science in Computer Systems Engineering, May 2006
 GPA: 3.65/4.00
 Bachelor of Science in Computer Systems Engineering, Magna cum Laude, May 2005
 GPA: 3.42/4.00
 Honors
 Tau Beta Pi Honor Society
 Eta Kappa Nu National Electrical and Computer Engineering Honor Society
 Magna cum Laude (Bachelor of Science)
 Dean’s List
  Graduate Level Course
 Software Project Management Advanced Software Design
 Information­Theoretical Design of Algorithms               Information Theory and Coding
 Analysis of Algorithms Computer Architecture
 Advanced Discrete Mathematics VLSI Principles and Application
 Advanced Digital Design Automation with Verilog and FPGA
 Undergraduate Level Course
 Software Design Data Structures and Algorithms
 Operating Systems Computer Organization
 Computer Science Microprocessors
 Logic Design Electronics
 Activities
 Member of IEEE
  LANGUAGE
 Fluent in spoken and written Chinese