Rebecca Martinez
Vice President
Current
Vice President

Past
Associate
Execution Analyst/Roadshow Coordinator
Summer Internship Program
Sales Assistant

Education
Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business

Recommendations Received
Roger (RJ)Ermola

Summary
Sr. Coordinator, strategic event planner and project manager with leadership and managerial skills with a proven record of planning and directing multiple projects including joint venture (Morgan Stanley/Smith Barney venture), managing complex platforms and procedures and implementing new approaches to address unique problems in a team oriented and fun environment. My smile radiates through the phone and I stay cool as a cucumber under pressure handling challenges with grace, flare, and creativity.

Experience
Vice President
JMP Securities
(;Financial Services)
4/2011 - Present
Vice President - Jan 2014 to Present
Sr. Roadshow Coordinator/Corp Access - April 2011 - Jan 2014

Manage 300+ Roadshows from concept to completion each year. 

-Manage all interaction with the senior management teams of target clients.
-Develop methods / deliverables to highlight the firm's capabilities including investor targeting studies, trading summaries and other needs of the corporate client base. 
-Support on-going expansion of the desk with conference planning, regional objectives, and core market objectives.
-Proactively identify operational risk/control deficiencies in the business.
-Manage priorities across internal cross-functional department teams
-Assist with individual Corporate & Strategic Access projects from conception to completion.
-Lead contact on the marketing desk in scheduling roadshows with Investor Relations firms, Executive Senior Management teams and Institutional accounts. This is all while handling the behind the scene details, developing a rapport with senior clients and members of the firm, managing the success of analyst marketing/events, and determining the best target dates/locations for all non-deal roadshow, on-site visits, and bus tours events. 
-Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
-Experience working in a team-oriented, fast pace and collaborative environment.
Associate
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
(Public Company;Financial Services)
9/2008 - 4/2011
Global Wealth Managment Group - Corp Actions:
-Focus on a variety of quality assurance, joint venture project testing, risk control projects and oversight tasks on proprietary structured investments.
-Lead associate to manage priorities across internal cross-functional division teams/offshore office.
-Advanced strategic and complex projects such as off-shoring specific functions and tasks to India and the development of metrics/oversight.
Execution Analyst/Roadshow Coordinator
Oppenheimer & Co.
(Public Company;Financial Services)
8/2004 - 3/2008
Merger with CIBC World Markets

-Focused on roadshow coordination, execution & syndicate settlement of Equity Offerings
-Transactional experience has included IPO’s, follow-on equity offerings, equity private placements, and SPAC’s.
-Commitment/Due Diligence Committee Coordinator
Summer Internship Program
Credit Suisse
(Public Company;Banking)
6/2002 - 8/2002
NY Treasury Controllers Division:
Engaged in all internship workshop and interacted with Credit Suisse employees at various division levels
Sales Assistant
Thomson Financial
(Public Company;Financial Services)
6/2001 - 9/2001
Acquired knowledge of the financial services industry within Sales and Research Division 
• Proactively worked with Sale Executives to manage contract renewals and to negotiate new contracts
• Acted as liaison to facilitate communication between Sale Executives, Clients, and Entitlements Group 
• Managed day-to-day issues and requests that arose from clients in areas including usage of Web Id’s

Education
Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business
B.S.,Marketing - Concentration: International Business


Recommendations
Recommendation Type : business-partner ,  Recommender : Roger (RJ) Ermola
It was a pleasure to handle Rebecca's matter in a timely and effective manner to her satisfaction.