Nayla Aung
Graphic Designer

Past
Lead Graphic Designer
Pre-press Department Supervisor / Graphic Designer
Graphic Designer


Summary
I am a San Mateo-based graphic designer with extensive experience in digital asset management, creating a coherent design aesthetic across multiple media types, publications and products. My background in typesetting and news publications has given me a keen eye for detail and accuracy, especially in the area of typography. Having worked in companies ranging from small to large, I have developed fluent computing skills on both Mac and PC.

Please note, as may be evident from my CV, I recently relocated from Australia. I hold a current US work permit (EAD). 

Design samples can be viewed at http://aung.co

Experience
Lead Graphic Designer
News Corp Australia
(Public Company;Publishing)
10/2010 - 4/2014
My role was the design lead in charge of a team of three designers. The team’s role was the layout and design of a national daily newspaper across three separate states, each with its own customisations.

As the design lead, it was my responsibility to determine the overall design, following house styles. I was expected to make autonomous decisions on the introduction of new elements and to evolve the design as required.

I was required to liaise with multiple stakeholders and customers, including internal departments as well as external advertisers and clients. This frequently involved giving art direction to my own team as well as to clients for the development of campaigns and sponsored editions spanning multiple weeks. Very high standards had to be maintained as the campaigns were often valued at up to 6 figures. External clients included HBO, H&M, Guess Jeans, Virgin, Warner Bros., Electronic Arts, Microsoft and Sony.

I was the design department’s lead for the Methode systems replacement project. After receiving my training on the new software, it was my responsibility to ultimately ensure that the paper was successful from a design standpoint once the transition to the new software occurred. This involved e.g. developing all the necessary templates on the new software.
Pre-press Department Supervisor / Graphic Designer
Watson Ferguson & Company
(;Graphic Design)
4/2006 - 9/2010
 My role was to design, plan and supervise production of book covers, posters, advertising brochures and layout art from manuscript to print. I also had to supervise other members of the department to ensure productivity and workload balance. I maintained continuous contact with multiple clients simultaneously throughout the pre-press process to ensure high customer satisfaction. 

 In addition to my other duties, I typeset the weekly electronic equivalent corporate and law publications accessible through the internet.
Graphic Designer
Barcode Stores
(;Graphic Design)
7/2004 - 1/2006
 I created the company's 'look books' for all clothing lines, as well as designing and marketing the brand's image through posters, postcards, banners, web sites and shop fittings, both locally and internationally. I was also in charge of introducing new fashion collections to the Australian market, such as Tokidoki, Premonition and Levi's.

 I was also in charge of arranging and executing fashion photography sessions for the current season's range. I promoted awareness of the brand through industry contacts and maintaining the company's online presence on social networking sites.

Education
Griffith University
Master's Degree,Visual Arts

Griffith University
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.),Visual Arts