BRANDON NGO
San Francisco, CA
Cell: (415) 787-2366
E-Mail: ngo.brandon@gmail.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:

Technical Skills

Systems: WorkDay, Authoria, Alliant, ADP Enterprise, and ADP Probusiness.
Microsoft Suite: Advanced knowledge of Excel, Word, and Powerpoint.
Other Software/Applications: CompAnalyst and Google Docs.

Other Skills
Highly analytical with the ability to make sense out of raw data.
Strong data auditing skills.
Great customer service personality and extremely fast learner.
Ability to stay calm under high stress situations and thrive in a fast paced work environment.
Extremely organized, highly motivated, and very detail-oriented.
Excellent team player with a very positive attitude and an amazing work ethic.


EXPERIENCE:
Sony Computer Entertainment America – San Mateo, CA         2013 - Present

Compensation Analyst
Manage and administer the complex product development bonus calculations for the World Wide Studios and ensured timely and accurate payments.  Provide communication to studio heads for distribution.
Partner on other compensation programs, such as annual compensation review, bonus plans (Annual & Sales), promotions, annual market analysis, and out-of-cycle actions.
Participate in salary surveys to identify trends in the market and adjust salary ranges to stay competitive within the industry.
Implemented and setup a new tool to house our studios’ profit sharing data (Alliant).  Managed, configured, and tested the system and data to ensure accuracy and functionality moving forward.
Counsel HRBPs/recruiters/managers on questions regarding focal, salary planning, promotions, and job leveling.
Work closely with finance and payroll to develop and implement business processes to ensure accurate and timely payments.
Attend New Manager Orientation to present the company’s compensation philosophy, structure, and expectations for the upcoming focal review.
Prepare, setup, and audit the compensation portion of our performance management tool (Authoria).
Create Workday load files for HRIS to do bulk employee data changes.
Produce compensation statements to communicate STI rewards to employees.
Provide ad-hoc analysis and recommendations on out-of-cycle increases, promotions, and new hire offers.




Lucasfilm, LTD – San Francisco, CA               2008 – 2013

Associate Compensation/HRIS Analyst
Assisted with participation in salary surveys.  Surveys include Radford, Croner (AVE, SWG, & TOPS), and IPAS.
Created comp summary spreadsheets to request changes/gather approvals from the compensation committee. 
Heavily involved in the company’s Pay-For-Performance process.
Reviewed job descriptions/responsibilities for new and current jobs and make recommendations on salary grade.
Generated a variety of reports based on needs for compensation and HRIS.
Tracked a company-wide salary budget to ensure that departments are aware of their remaining budget.
Conducted ad-hoc analysis on compensation changes and provided recommendations.
In addition to all of the responsibilities above, I maintained my duties and responsibilities below.

HRIS Analyst
Managed HRIS database, ensuring that the integrity of the data remains at a consistently high level.
Acted as the liaison between Human Resources and shared services (IT, Security, etc.), communicating clearly and concisely, actions that needed to be taken.
Successfully aided in the transition to upgrade our database from Version 3 to Version 5, working with the project team for reporting issues and testing the system for functionality.
Performed regular data audits to ensure the data between HR and payroll remain consistent.
Interacted with my counterparts in Singapore to generate headcount and turnover reports for their company.
Attended new hire orientation to interact with new employees and answer questions regarding new hire documents and company policy.


Applied Materials – Santa Clara, CA              2007 – 2008

Human Resource Intern
Produced and analyzed confidential reports, including headcount, compensation, and turnover, to ensure accuracy and resolve discrepancies.
Quickly became knowledgeable in company benefits and policies to answer employee questions and create training materials for the HR Manager.
Initiated personnel record changes and organized/conducted exit interviews.

Pacific Media – Santa Clara, CA                         2006 – 2007

Administrative Assistant
Developed a spreadsheet to track resources and hours worked on various projects throughout the company.  Communicated with employees to log project hours and notify the CEO when the project was in danger of exceeding the budget.
Performed general office maintenance and duties: transcribing, organizing, filing, and managing inventory.


EDUCATION:
San Jose State University                    
Bachelor of Science - Business Administration (Management)                 2008


ACTIVITIES:
Delta Sigma Pi – Professional Co-ed Business Fraternity                              2006 - Present
Leadership positions: Senior Vice President and Vice President of Chapter Operations