Huong, Chu Nguyen
Email: Hchunguyen@gmail.com
4890 San Pablo Dam Rd, El Sobrante, CA 94803
Tel: 916 281 4307

Profile
Six years experience of working as a Legal Counsel to corporate companies. Fully knowledgeable in general business law and administration. Strong writing, verbal communication and customer service skills.

Education
Judicial Academy, Vietnam - Certificate, 2010
Hanoi Law University, Vietnam - JD, 2007

Experience
Robert Half Legal                                                                                  Sep 2014 - Current
Legal Office Assistant (Temp)
Assist lawyers in preparing for meeting, hearings and trials; Organize the production and distribution of confidential correspondence between the partners, attorneys, paralegals; Print and bind reports, pleadings, discoveries and other documents; Manage in/outgoing mail; Other administrative duties as assigned.
Record duty: Process applications and file records; Maintain updated case documents; Update file information; Process all incoming and outgoing Pleadings, correspondences; Route documents through Lexis; Perform data entry by using File-Surf; Legal Key; Aid attorneys and paralegals in retrieving information.

Delaware State University’s MBA program Dover, DE
Graduate Research Assistant  Oct 2012 - May 2013
Maintained resource archives for both computer files and hard copy materials; Prepared and reviewed correspondence, presentations, brochures, report and relevant materials; Offered open and supportive communication to students and administration assisting wherever needed; Acted as a liaison between all school departments ensuring proper communication is delivered; Assisted Graduate Program Director and MBA Advisor in the execution of all special events including Graduation, Awards ceremonies and student recognition. Prepared and delivered school reports as required by the administration department.

In-house Counsel      Hanoi, Vietnam                                                                                   2010-Aug2012
Worked closely with the Head to develop strategies and to identify potential opportunities to grow the service; Performed legal research in education area; Independently drafted and, when appropriate, worked with other officer or legislative staff to draft written work including legal, research, initiative review and comment, and rule; Reviewed  memorandums; Reviewed and negotiated labor contract with foreign lectured; Answered complex questions regarding legal matter; Developed or assisted with developing policies and procedure; Actively participated in various meetings, and negotiations; Developed, coordinated, and maintained records; Performed related work as assigned.

Chien Nguyen & Associates, LLP                    Hanoi, Vietnam
        Associate                                                                                                                  2010-2012
Provided legal counsel to various purchasers, seller in real estate; Negotiated and drafted agreements, offer letter; Conducted legal research, develops arguments and drafts legal brief; Reviewed information provided by parties; Prepared conduct of pre-trial and trial proceedings; Developed and refined time management skills to meet deadlines, handle multiple assignments and work under pressure while providing support for simultaneous trials.

Financial banking consultant and investment JSC                                HCMC, Vietnam
Legal Counsel 2008-2010
Managed all aspects of project financing for sponsors and stakeholders in real estate, development projects. Drafted and reviewed various types of agreements, including loan agreement, letter of guarantee, joint venture agreements, share purchase agreements and shareholder agreements; Researched and analyzed FDI matters in real estates area; Reviewed, commented and drafted Vietnam related sections in prospectuses, offering memoranda and other disclosure documents; Drafted legal opinions. 
Projects completed in Vietnam: Thu Thiem Tunnel I, Port of Vung Ang, Thu Dau Mot water sector program.

Center for The sea and Marine law Hanoi, Vietnam
Law Clerk 2007-2008
Researched, analyzed, and summarized UNCLOS' cases such as Malaysia v. Singapore, Netherlands v. France…; Conducted legal research in Vietnamese Marine Law; Researched and compared foreign Marine Law include: Philippine, Malaysia and Brunei.

Skills
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel, Outlook.
File-surf, Summation, Filing with Lexis Nexis, Westlaw, Legal Keys
Awards: 
Freshman Scholarship Recipient: 2003-2004
Certificate of Appreciation for serving at Division of Academic Enrichment, Delaware State University: 2012