Floyd Watkins
1144 Malone Road   San Jose, CA 95125
(650) 739-3228 
 watkins7423@hotmail.com
 
 
 
PROFILE
Highly motivated Professional with extensive experience in Logistics and supply chain management, domestic and international shipping, transportation, productivity management, staff management, and contract negotiations. A welcome addition to any management team, ready, willing, and able to function in any role necessary to ensure project success. Proven track record of monitoring market analysis to reduce companies  costs. 
 
* Known for high level of integrity, strategic planning, leadership, and people skills. Organizational competence and analytical abilities have consistently resulted in being the designated go to person for creative solutions to problems and challenges.
 
* Highly focused on organizational missions while positively impacting bottom-line and group performance. Success oriented Professional with exceptional experience, possessing an extensive knowledge of the processes, procedures, and policies necessary to consistently produce a superior product and service.
 
 
CORE COMPETENCIES
Work Flow Coordination i Schedule Development I   Project Management I Schedule Management
Contract Review and Analysis I Attention to Detail I Transportation Logistics Management
Inventory Management I Customer Service I Business Retention equality Control
Change Management I Change Control I Procurement I Budget Development
Team Leadership I Global Delivery I Internal Project Communication
 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 
 
 
Ace- Tech Corporation.                                         2012- Present
Operation Associate Lead
                                                                                                                                                          
 
 Oversee loading and Unloading of goods from trucks etc. Also, did a cycle count as well block audit daily. One of my
Primary responsibilities were to Review RMA, as well RDR. Certified to run forklift as well order Picker. Also, I had my share cutting
Allot of fabric and copper cable. Order supplies for the warehouse as well the front office. Make sure all order was billed and
Updated. Help out with customer service and as well helping with will -call customer. SOP, OSHA also was standard procedure we did
Daily make sure we where compliance each day. Ran safety checklists make sure that all operate machine were in good
Stable condition, well the warehouse was in tact. Also, I create Package slip by using GPS system. Another task was making sure that we had the right LTD, in place for the logistics freight. Made sure that maintains internal record- keeping systems. Assemble container and crates, pack goods to be shipped and prepare identifying information and shipping instruction. Also, create allot of Po’s. Work with the inventory analysis,
Procurement to reslove any issue with international and domestic transportation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronic Arts, Inc.                                                               2007-2010
Logistics Coordinator
Successfully managed and coordinated inventory, maintained international and domestic shipping documentation, and managed incoming and outgoing domestic shipments. Researched and monitored market analysis in order to reduce shipping costs. Packaged and sent products to press review, in addition to coordinating large-scale mailings with the fulfillment house.
 
* Facilitated analytical data from national potentiality survey reports for identifying purchase objectives and outlines for trade to client direct marketers. Supplied current market information to administrative personnel regarding press releases as well as promotions.
 
 
 
Once Business Solutions                                                             2000-2007
Shipping and Receiving Manager
Managed all phases of incoming and outgoing deliveries, coordinated with domestic and international shipping documentation, and created monthly financial end reporting. Managed purchase orders received, as well as processed incoming and outgoing mail for 2,500 employees.
 
* Trained employees on specific responsibilities and monitored progress in order to maximize workflow.
 
 
 
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Marketing and Communication   San Jose Sate University   San Jose, CA