Qing Lin
93 Seacliff Ave, Daly City, CA 94015
Tel: (415)-866-3331
E-mail: peggy.613@hotmail.com
Job Objective
Accountant
PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Accountant/Marketing, Refmin America Corporation, Chino Hills, July 2011 – July 2012
Verify the accuracy of invoices, prepare and analyze accounting records, financial statements and other accounting documents. Update and maintain accounting journals, ledgers and other records detailing financial business transactions (e.g., disbursements, expense vouchers, receipts, accounts payable). Enter data into computer system using Quickbooks. Compile data and prepare a variety of reports. Reconcile records with internal company employees and management, or external vendors or customers. Assisting in major bank reconciliations. Investigates questionable data. Searching product suppliers according to customer’s request, sending price inquiries.
Budget Assistant to the Office Manager, Office of International Programs at San Francisco State University, San Francisco, August 2010 – May 2011
Perform full cycle of accounts receivable/accounts payable. Help office manager to do paper works which include accounts payable, accounts receivable, etc. Process purchase orders, invoices, check requests and payments. Deal with daily transactions and ensure reconciliations are completed each week. Assist office manager to close the book at the end of the fiscal year. Process and perform data entry for budget adjustments. Prepare office supplies purchase requisitions.
International Business Auditor, International Business Department of China Merchants Bank Headquarter of City of Qingdao, Shandong, China, June 2009 – August 2009
Contact principals and customers as the third party, keep track of bill of lading and delivery orders, and make sure the accuracy of bill of lading and delivery orders before they go to any entity. 
Student Help Desk Support Staff, Green River Community College Information Technology Department, Auburn, Washington, April 2007 – May 2008
Help customers to solve technical and other problems, answer phone calls at reception desk, manage staff timesheet, database management, and professionally communicate with customers and other regular office work.
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
Bachelor of Science in Accounting. San Francisco State University. San Francisco, California, 2009-2011.
Pursuing B.S. Accounting. Portland State University. Portland, Oregon, 2008-2009
Associate in Business. Green River Community College.  Auburn, California, 2006-2008.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Mandarin Chinese: Native, English: Fluent in speaking and writing, Cantonese: Understand basic
COMPUTER SKILLS
Software: Proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Quickbooks. 
VOLUNTEER WORK
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA), San Francisco, California.
Jan 2012 - now
The 6th Chinese Language Bridge Cup Contests Assistant, Marina Middle School, San Francisco, California.
March 2010
2008 Olympic Volunteer, Qingdao, Shandong, China.
August 2008
Elementary School Baseball Game Helper, Auburn, Washington.
March 2007
IT department staff, Auburn, Washing.
January 2007 – March 2007
Auburn Goodie Day Event Setup Assistant, Auburn, Washington.
July 2006.

Reference Available Upon Request