Neeraj Khanna

San Francisco Bay Area

Software Development Manager


Summary

Software Development Manager at Amazon, managing mobile music store team. We are

 continuously expanding the boundaries of HTML5 and JavaScript to build high performing mobile
 applications used by millions of Amazon customers around the world on iOS, Android and Kindle

 devices. * Hands-on Engineering Manager with 15+ years of expertise in building highly scalable,
 web and mobile applications for complex, high traffic and fast paced consumer environments such as
 Amazon and eBay * Successfully managed and delivered highly visible and multi-teams projects like

 Prime Music, Kindle and Fire Phone launches * Experience in managing full stack web development
 using JavaScript, Node.js, HTML5, CSS3, Java/JSP, PHP, Spring MVC, Backbone, Android,

 and mobile web user interfaces * Passionate about user experience, latest web technologies
 and a JavaScript enthusiast. * Proven ability to develop and manage consumer facing internet

 applications; high availability 24x7 multi-site operations; and meet aggressive development and
 deployment schedules using agile methodologies * Strong in hiring, mentoring and leading high
 caliber engineering teams in lean and fast paced environments; experience managing offshore

 engineering teams Specialties: Technical Management, Strategic Planning, Agile software
 development, Hiring and Building teams, web and mobile applications, Site speed/Performance,

 Presentation Platforms, UI Components, Quality Assurance, Continuous integration, Testing &
 Automation. Technical Skills: JavaScript, NodeJS, ReactJS, HTML5, CSS3, ES6, Polyer, Web

 Components, WebSocket, WebRTC, Sprint MVC, PHP, Java, Web Services, Backbone, Angular,
 ExtJS, Amazon AWS


Experience

Software Development Manager at Amazon Music
January 2013 - Present (2 years 3 months)

  * Managing mobile MP3 Store team to build music discovery experience on mobile apps across
  iOS, Android and Kindle devices. * Mobile app is a single page JavaScript app used by millions of

  Amazon customers every day around the world. * Successfully Led the team to launch mission
  critical Prime Music service across all the mobile devices * Led the team through device launch

  cycle for three generation of Kindle devices. * Strategic partnership with product and business
  teams to build product road map and resource planning/ * Provide technical direction and strategy
  for JavaScript applications and performance improvements. * Hired and grew the high performance

  full stack front-end engineering team.Principal Engineer, Presentation Platform at eBay Inc.
February 2011 - January 2013 (2 years)

  Key member of platform team to create presentation framework for eBay's complex web
   applications. In this framework, I am responsible for strategies and direction related to JavaScript,

   HTML5, UI Components, JavaScript templates and mobile web development. * Developed
   RaptorJS an open source modular JavaScript framework. JS framework provides features like

   namespace, classes, modules, inheritance, mixins, logging and PubSub. * Evaluate open source
   technologies and integrate in our framework and also promote eBay's technologies to open source

   community. * Developed UI components infrastructure to create universal components to work
   on server as well as client-side. * Leading mobile strategy to convert eBays mobile web apps on
   new framework * Integration of dust templates on client-side as well as on server in node and JVM

   environment. * Developed support for responsive web applications

Staff Engineer (MTS I) at eBay Inc

June 2004 - January 2011 (6 years 8 months)
  Led front-end development team for design, development, and scalable strategies for eBays

   flagship Selling domain and application products supporting 2 million global listings daily.
   Responsible for all the selling web projects in JavaScript, PHP, JSF, Flash, HTML5, CSS, site

   speed performance improvements and introduction of new web technologies.

Sr. Software Engineer at Andale Inc.
2001 - 2004 (3 years)


Software Engineer at Sevant Inc.
August 2000 - March 2001 (8 months)

Software Engineer at Mindflash Technologies

January 2000 - August 2000 (8 months)


Education

Motilal Nehru National Institute Of Technology
B.E. (Hons.),Electrical and Electronics Engineering,1984-1988Neeraj Khanna

San Francisco Bay Area

Software Development Manager





8 people have recommended Neeraj

  "Neeraj worked with me in the Andale engineering team. He always stood out for his very strong

  web development skills and ability to turn things around very quickly and with good quality. Neeraj
  is also a hard worker who can keep his head down and work long stretches without needing any

  breaks. A sweet soft spoken person and a great team player, would recommend him for any
  website development projects/teams"

  Chetan Uberoy,Country Head (India), MphRx (My Personal Health Records eXpress),
  managed Neeraj at Andale Inc.


  "I had a pleasure of working with Neeraj in the Presentation Platform at eBay. Neeraj was a perfect

  fit for this team due to his extensive experience in presentation technologies. He was the go-to
  person for all things related to CSS, JavaScript, JSP, AJAX, Templating, Responsive Design, and
  many other technologies. In several cases, he was the first one to bring the technology to eBay.

  Thanks to Neeraj's pleasant personality, he was easily approachable. As a result, numerous eBay
  front-end developers sought out his help and guidance."

  Thuc Nguyen,Cloud Engineer, eBay, worked directly with Neeraj at eBay Inc.


  "Neeraj and I have worked together @ Andale during 2001-2004 for a period of 3 yrs. We have
  interacted quite well during our tenure in executing several engineering projects where Neeraj was

  lead on the web development. He is an excellent team player and has good work ethic. He takes
  a strong sense of ownership in his work and is completely self driven. He often comes up with

  creative ideas for the most challenging problems. His designs and implementations conveniently
  scaled well for hundreds and thousands of our users. He will be the most pleasant person to work

  with and has excellent communication skills. His written communication skills are also very good.
  He is a very good team player and he has interacted with a variety of people including Engineering,

  Product Management, QA and marketing with ease at Andale. I would work with him again in a
  heart beat."

  Karthik Gajjala,Vice President, Data Infrastructure and Services, [24]7, worked directly with
  Neeraj at Andale Inc."I have worked with Neeraj in the platform framework group for more than two years. He lead

the new presentation platform efforts, resulting in great developer productivity gain. His deep
knowledge of latest open source technology help eBay to use some of the best stacks such as Dust

template. He also contribute to open source community by offering JavaScript framework RaptorJs.
Neeraj is the guru of presentation engineering in eBay. I and many others in eBay get a lot of helps

from him to solve complex problems by his expertise."

David He,Software Engineering Manager, LinkedIn, worked directly with Neeraj at eBay Inc.


"Neeraj is a great developer to work with. He is very friendly, patient, thorough, and diligent. He
is technically sound in JavaScript and understands eBay's JavaScript framework. Whenever he

codes JavaScript, he always considers performance issues and has devised solutions around any
performance hits. Also, when I started at eBay, Neeraj helped me through the process of rolling

out JavaScript code to production. This is a very tedious and bureaucratic process that was made
simple by his help. I strongly recommend Neeraj for any software development position."

Bernard Huang,iOS Mobile Engineer, Yahoo!, worked with Neeraj at Andale Inc.


"I have worked with Neeraj on many projects while working at eBay. He is truly an expert with

selling side front end technologies. He has very strong technical and leadership skills. His excellent
organization skills and ability to stay focused on the task at hand helped us deliver projects on time.

Neeraj has designed and implemented various site enhancement projects which have improved
site performance considerably. His ability to analyze product requirements, providing thoughtful

feedback and identifying possible flaws beforehand has always helped the team achieve a good
quality product. Working with him has been a privilege."

Sucheta Khot,Software Engineer, eBay, worked directly with Neeraj at eBay Inc.


"Neeraj is one of the most proficient engineers I have worked with. He is technically strong in

developing web applications, detail oriented and always thinking about how to improve things. He is
customer oriented and went the extra mile to debug and fix issues reported by users."

Rajiv Dutta,Sr. Director of Engineering, Visa (PlaySpan), managed Neeraj indirectly at Andale
Inc.


"Neeraj is one of the most proficient engineers I have worked with. He is technically strong in

developing web applications, detail oriented and always thinking about how to improve things. He
is customer oriented and went the extra mile to debug and fix issues reported by users. I highly

recommend him."

Bernard Huang,iOS Mobile Engineer, Yahoo!, worked directly with Neeraj at eBay Inc.Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  3/30/2015View by Cooper McKinley