Bill Gross

Greater Seattle Area

Gameplay Designer at Bungie


Summary

Game Designer with experience across multiple platforms and genres.


Game Systems, Camera Systems, Controls, HUD/UI, Moment to Moment Gameplay


Experience

Sandbox Designer at Bungie
February 2012 - Present (3 years 3 months)
  Destiny (Xbox 360, Xbox One, PS3, PS4) Destiny: The Dark Below Destiny: House of Wolves

  Work includes: Vehicles, Raid Relics, turrets, spider tank, goliath, some supers/abilities, all 3rd
  person cameras, melees, and other sandbox elements.

Lead Game Designer at Griptonite Games / Glu Mobile

March 2010 - February 2012 (2 years)
  Lead Designer - iOS(iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch), Android, Kindle Fire - Samurai vs Zombies
  Defense Gameplay Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBjbCLNOW0I http://

  itunes.apple.com/us/app/samurai-vs-zombies-defense/id474826688?ls=1&mt=8 https://
  play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.glu.samuzombie&feature=search_result#?

  t=W251bGwsMSwxLDEsImNvbS5nbHUuc2FtdXpvbWJpZSJd Designer- Nintendo 3DS -
  Shinobi Gameplay Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsOe72hvKD8 Lead Designer
  - Wii uDraw Game Tablet / Playstation 3 - Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns

  Again!! Gamplay Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZyTDFcgsGw Writer - Xbox
  360 Kinect - Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns Again!! Gameplay Example: http://

  www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY3M6cUSFaw Designer - Xbox 360 Kinect - Kung Fu Panda 2
  Kinect Gameplay Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERr_pxDQ6VM

Game Systems Designer at Sony Online Entertainment

September 2007 - March 2010 (2 years 7 months)
  Designed Combat, Multiplayer, and Gameplay Systems for The Agency for PS3 and PC.
  Gameplay Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qe4MRWvTtPw


Multiplayer Lead/Software Test Engineer at Microsoft / FASA Studio
May 2005 - September 2007 (2 years 5 months)  Lead Multiplayer Test Engineer for Shadowrun on Xbox 360 and Windows Vista. Gameplay
   Example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2LPKQuiGVM&feature=related


Software Development Engineer in Test at Microsoft
November 2004 - May 2005 (7 months)
  I was a Software Development Engineer in Test for Windows Mobile. My main focus was creating

   tools to help test screen resolutions on a variety of different pda's and smartphones.

Software Programmer at Cardinal Health
February 2004 - November 2004 (10 months)

  ABAP and C# programmer making tools for sales people.



Education
Illinois State University
Bachelor of Science,Computer Science,1998-2003

Nanzan University
Japanese,Japanese Language,2000-2001Bill Gross

Greater Seattle Area

Gameplay Designer at Bungie





10 people have recommended Bill

  "I worked side by side with Bill on Samurai Vs Zombies: Defense implementing and providing ways

  for him to tune various gameplay features. His dedication to his work and never forgetting the minor
  details lead to many of the great gameplay features that shipped with a professional tuned and

  polish feel to them; earning our game a lot of credit from its fans. I would gladly work with Bill again
  at the drop of a hat."

  Irin Berry,Lead Client Developer, Cantor Gaming, worked directly with Bill at Griptonite
  Games / Glu Mobile


  "4 Stars for Bill"

  Sage Merrill,Sandbox Designer, Bungie, worked directly with Bill at Microsoft / FASA Studio


  "Bill is one of those unconventional smart people that you'd be really lucky to have on your team.
  He works in a very truthful manner and sometimes in the reality of game development the truth

  hurts...but always for the better. I liked working with Bill, you knew exactly what you needed to do
  and what his expectations were. His drive for good, smart gameplay is a rare treat that this industry

  is sorely missing."

  Shane White,Concept Artist/Storyboard Artist, STUDIOWHITE VISUALS, worked directly with
  Bill at Sony Online Entertainment


  "Bill was my Lead Designer on "Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns (Again!!)". He
  is very headstrong and is the best lead I have ever had the pleasure to work under. During the
  Penguins project, he not only covered all of his lead duties, but also implemented three mini-

  games and two levels. I am so amazed at the fact that he was able to juggle all these duties so well
  without breaking a sweat! As a systems designer, he kept the entire project almost perfectly stable.

  Because of this, the level designers had a solid system to work with, which kept content creation
  and level design at its topmost efficiency. I hope to receive the opportunity to work with Bill, again."

  Richard Peper,Programmer/Scripter, Self Employed, reported to Bill at Griptonite Games / Glu
  Mobile"Bill worked on my team as a technical tester assigned to Shadowrun, a launch title for the Live for

Windows gaming service. In that role, Bill directed a team of contract testers and covered numerous
test areas from preproduction through game ship. He then stayed on as part of the Shadowrun

patch team. During his tenure in FASA, Bill proved to be a highly motivated and detail oriented
technical tester. His passion and commitment for quality made him a good fit for some of the most

critical and demanding test areas of the game. He wrote solid test documentation. He provided
complete, thorough and timely testing. He worked well with his contract testers and had a strong

rapport with development staff. Most importantly, Bill constantly drove for the highest quality game
possible under the circumstances. It is fair to say the game would not have shipped on time and in

good shape without Bill. I would hire Bill again without hesitation."

Aaron Ueland,Consulting Manager, Accenture Test Services, Accenture, managed Bill
indirectly at Microsoft / FASA Studio


"I had the pleasure of working with Bill on two projects now and I would work with him again. He
is an encyclopedia of games and gameplay types and is very passionate about designing and

balancing a game until it is truly fun, he will settle for nothing less. He also backs up his ideas with
documentation and references, which in turn serve to help guide the creation of art and animation

to complement the design of the game. I look forward to seeing what games Bill will influence in the
future."

Alissa Cattabriga,Freelance Animator, Self Employed, worked directly with Bill at Sony Online
Entertainment


"Bill was my Lead Designer on Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns (Again!!). Bill was a

great lead designer, with a great eye toward constructive criticism while still giving us plenty of room
to enact our designs. He did a fantastic job of defining the metrics and feel of the game so we could

more consistently utilize them in our levels. He tackled tough design decisions head on and filtered
the design concerns from the client, company, and other teams (art and programming), helping us

focus on the job of making a great game. I am proud of the work we accomplished on this title, and
it could not have happened without Bill's excellent leadership."

Michael Brannan,Account Supervisor, Teleperformance, reported to Bill at Griptonite Games /

Glu Mobile


"Bill is great to work with. As multiplayer test lead on Shadowrun, Bill worked tirelessly to drive
quality improvements across all parts of the game. Bill and his multiplayer team not only pushed

the team to meet quality goals, but to far exceed them. Bill also happens to be the most passionate
gamer I know and has near encyclopedic knowledge of past games."

Jerry Edsall,Principal Software Development Engineer, Microsoft, managed Bill indirectly at
Microsoft / FASA Studio  "Bill Gross is a great designer to work with. He is incredibly literate with just about any genre and
  title you throw at him. He has strong concepts he can back easily with documentation and in-game

  prototyping. Be it core gameplay, system design, UI, or player expectations, he can be relied on
  to collaborate on solutions that exploit the current strengths and weaknesses of a given engine to

  achieve the desired playable result. Put another way, I have no doubts I could hand him a book of
  matches and a stack of pennies and he'd build a fun game type from them. I'd gladly work with Bill

  again and think he'd be a valuable asset to any team."

  Hal Milton,Design Director, Pipeworks Software, managed Bill at Sony Online Entertainment

  "Bill was a great asset on the Shadowrun project, besting all comers and earning the esteemed title

  of Uber Labmanz. A multiplayer-focused title requires rigorous testing and we could not have done
  it without him."

  Derek Carroll,Senior Designer, Bungie, worked with Bill at Microsoft / FASA Studio




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  4/26/2015View by Gilbert Cariaga