                                           SUBHASHREE MISHRA
                                           Phone # 408-832-6558

                                           mishra2382@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE     : To obtain a job in the field of Cloud Computing or Mobile Development or Software Engineering .


EDUCATION:
MS in Software Engineering - Mobile Computing Applications, SJSU; Spring 2015 GPA  3.86/4.0
Certificate Course in Software Engineering and Quality , UCSC Extension; Feb  Sep 2012


RELEVANT COURSEWORK :
Mobile SW Design, Smartphone App Development (Android, IOS), Cloud Technologies, Cloud Services, Virtualization
Technology, Enterprise S W Platform, Software Systems Engineering, Engineering Report Grad


SKILLS:
 Languages           JAVA, Perl, Object Oriented Python, Ruby, SQL, COBOL, CICS, JCL, XML, HTML, LINC, REST
 Cloud Services      AWS (RDS, S3, Kinesis, EC2, Load Balance), Windows Azure, Cloud Bee
 Web/App-Servers     Tomcat 6.0/5.0/4.0, JBoss 5.1.0

 IDE Tools           Eclipse, XCode, Idle, NetBeans,
 UML Tool            Visio, Rational Rose, Creately
 RDBMS               DB2, My SQL, RDS
 Testing Tools       JUNIT, Selenium, Debugger, Test Director, Quality Center, XPEDITOR
 Mobile Platform     Android, IOS

 Operating Systems VMWARE VSphere, IBM OS390, Windows NT, 2000, XP, UNIX (AIX), LINUX

RELEVANT ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
Mobile Virtual Machine Management: Fall 2013.

       Collaborated with a team of four. We had successfully developed an IOS App that would help us manage the virtual
        machines remotely. Also, I gained sufficient knowledge in developing, testing and deploying end -to-end REST service.
       I mainly worked on developing the REST API that was hosted on ec2 instance on cloud to communicate & manage the
        virtual machines remotely.

Video Library Management System: Fall 2013.
       Worked in a team of six. The ma in goal of the project was to develop a three-tier application that will implement the
        function of a Video Library System.
       I mainly worked on developing the front end using Swing Technology.

       We had successfully developed a three -tier application using Swing technology to develop the front end. W e used WEB
        Service to develop the middle tier and MYSQL to handle the back end system.
Location Analytics: Fall 2013
       Collaborated with a team of four. The main goal o f the project was to develop a GPS tracker application that would send
        user location to server for analysis and display.

       I mainly worked upon the creating and managing the database and developed REST APIs that acted as the middle tier.
Conference Android Application: Spring 2014
       Collaborated with a team of three. The main goal of the project was to develop an android mobile app that would enable
        user to attend a conference with interactive user experience.

       I mainly worked upon developing the UI using Android platform and integrating the entire application.
       We had successfully demonstrated the application to the entire class. The app helped users to browse all the list of
        conferences, register for conferences, check in using barcode, get driving directions etc.
Barcode and Nutrition Android and IOS Application: Fall 2014

       The main goal of the project was to develop an android app that would recognize food from captured image or
        barcode or entered text that would in turn return nutritional facts and allergy information.
       I developed the UI, developed rest APIs and also built the MYSQL database and integrated the entire system.

Fitness and Health Android Application: Fall 2014
       Collaborating with a team of four. The main goal of the project is to develop fitness and health related android app
        that focuses in tracking user food consumption, user activity and integrate with EHR.
       I was involved in designing the application and laying out the implementation plan. Also, I developed fully

        functional UI integrating it with the REST APis hosted on ec2 instance on AWS .

RELEVANT JOB EXPERIENCE: (6yrs)
AVIVA Life Insurance; Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), October 2004  July 2010


       Aviva Business Dashboard : Lead QA Tester (January 2009  July 2010), Bangalore, India.
             Led a team to perform end -to-end testing of the service portal.
             Coordinated test strategy, scope of test effort, test data creation and test release schedules.
             Resolved project scheduling and test issues, represented the team at project meetings and prepared executive

                management weekly status reports.
             Conducted data integrated testing by extensive use of SQL.          Conducted compatibility testing on variety of browsers.
          Designed and implemented automation test framework using Selenium.
          Interacted with developers and discussed technical problems, reported bugs and sup ported development team.


   Rapid Fund Launch: System Owner, Lead Developer, Onsite Coordinator (May 2007  Dec 2008), Norwich, UK.
          Participated in JAD sessions with SMEs to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed solution.
          Created vision, scope, and use of use case documents; business process models, use case diagram, activity
             diagrams, and state chart diagrams.

          Documented Software Systems requirements (SSR) and Business Process Requirements (BPR).
          Worked extensively with system architectur e team in developing the database structure.
          Validated technical designs created by technical team members against functional specifications.
          Worked with the QA team to design test plan and test cases for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
          Coordinated work plans between project manager, development and QA team.

          Involved in system, regression and user acceptance testing.
          Authored and edited end -user and developer manuals.

   AVIVA- ex-GA: Prod Support Coordinator/Release Coordinator/Developer /Tester (Jan 2006  April 2007), York, UK

          Provided production and maintenance support by monitoring production jobs and resolving raised tickets.
          Gather requirements via discussions/meetings with business users, IT management.
          Worked on enhancements/ CRs to the basic functiona lity of the application based on encountered problems.
          Prepared technical specifications and led the development efforts for implementing modules and application
             components to cater to new business functionality.

          Imparted training to new hires.
          Provided primary oversight as a Module Lead to a team of offshore resources in all stages of project lifecycle.
          Created and implemented knowledge transfer plan for remote development center resources.

   AVIVA  ex-GA: Developer (October 2004  December 2005), Bangalor e, India.

          Analyzed system requirements and prepared specifications for new programs, and enhanced or modified existing
             programs.
          Involved in preparation and maintenance of the Requirement Traceability Matrix to measure the progress, test
             matrix and test script review.
          Developed, enhanced and/or modified programs using COBOL, DB2, JCL, other tools and utilities.

          Created test JCLs and test scripts for unit, integration, system testing and complete the testing as per plan.
          Prepared UTR document.
          Involved in self and peer review.
          Involved in UAT support, project implementation and warranty s upport.