                               ROHAN RAMAKRISHNA


rohannr@gmail.com                                                       linkedin.com/in/rohannr
(415) 832-9420


EDUCATION
       University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON

       Honours Bachelor of Computer Science(Co-op), June 2014
       Undergraduate Research Assistant, Faculty of Computer Science.


EXPERIENCE
       Software Engineer                  Cloudera, San Francisco, CA      September 2014-present

       Cloudera Manager Platform Team. Developed infrastructure to monitor the health of clients de-
       ployment of Clouderas Distribution of Hadoop. Identied relevant host and service metrics and and
       implemented their collection across a variety of platforms. Added health checks that signicantly

       improved the clients ability to evaluate the state of their deployment. Spearheaded a refactor of a
       part of the code base with the aim of moving the architecture towards a platform model.


       Systems Engineering Intern         Facebook, Menlo Park, CA                      Fall 2013

       Internal Core Infrastructure. Designed and developed a data lifecycle management client in Python
       to ensure automated compliance of analytics data in data warehousing systems (Vertica), Hadoop
       clusters and ETL pipelines with data privacy regulations.



       Software Engineering Intern        Lookout Mobile Security, San Francisco, CA    Fall 2012
       Programming lead on project to port Lookout Anti-virus application to the Kindle Fire. Worked
       closely with product design to optimize the user experience for tablet. Top 10 Utitlities app in

       Kindle App Store(4.3 stars) on release. Prototyped feature to block and quarantine malicious SMS
       on Android devices. Researched attack vectors for SMS phishing. Awarded patent.
           \System and Method for Call Blocking and SMS Blocking" U.S. Patent 8,913,994



       Software Engineering Intern        Qualcomm Inc, San Diego, CA                 Winter 2012
       Designed and implemented a server program to monitor Qualcomms S4 processor performance on

       QNX. Completed project ahead of schedule with extended monitoring ability to provide benchmark-
       ing results that helped to diagnose critical CPU and cache issues. Created an extensible API to
       instrument the entire processor upto the level of individual cores.



       Agile Software Engineer            Xtreme Labs(now Pivotal Labs), Toronto     Summer 2011
       Developed mobile applications on the BlackBerry platform for major clients such as MTV and
       Groupon. Programmatically implemented UI designs, optimized network code and debugged code

       base within a continuous integration framework (Hudson)


TECHNICAL SKILLS
       Procient in C/C++, Python, Java, LISP/Scheme, MATLAB, JavaScript, Bash.
       Working knowledge of Vertica, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Hadoop, Git, Jenkins, Android SDK


HONORS AND AWARDS

       Deans Honours List: Fall 2009 - Winter 2010
       Presidents Scholarship of Distinction
       Presidents International Experience Award

       Presidents Research Award


EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
       Teaching Assistant, Faculty of Mathematics. Resident Advisor at Co-operative Student Housing.