Gilles Ruppert

San Francisco Bay Area

Front End Engineer at Facebook


Summary

JavaScript/Ajax developer & architect, using node.js, PHP, HTML5, CSS3 & webstandards to create
 highly interactive and compelling experiences for users on large-scale websites and web apps, whilst

 keeping performance at an optimum. Lots of experience with high-profile websites and remote-
working in Agile environments.


JavaScript, node.js, PHP, semantic HTML, cross-browser CSS.


Experience

Front End Engineer at Facebook
October 2014 - Present (9 months)

Director / Chief Developer at Made of Bytes Ltd.

January 2011 - October 2014 (3 years 10 months)
  JavaScript and client-side contracting and consulting agency. We are specialised in large-scale
   JavaScript development and architecture, both on the client and server-side, including TDD, build

   tools and performance work. We use numerous frameworks and libraries and using the appropriate
   solution for the job.

Senior Frontend engineer at Global Dawn

January 2011 - June 2012 (1 year 6 months)
  Senior Frontend Engineer, responsible for major rewrite of single-page web application, including

   tooling, architecture, build process, etc.

Client Side Developer at British Broadcasting Corporation
2009 - January 2011 (2 years)
  Client-side developer on the BBC iPlayer site.


Senior Front-end Developer at BBC Worldwide
October 2008 - July 2009 (10 months)
  Client-side developer on BBC Homepage & Topgear.com.


UI Developer at BBC Worldwide
March 2007 - October 2008 (1 year 8 months)

Junior Software Developer / Technical Operations at First Person MediaNovember 2005 - March 2007 (1 year 5 months)

UI Developer at RadioTimes.com
2007 - 2007

House Engineer at Mark Angelo Studios
September 2003 - November 2005 (2 years 3 months)



Education
Middlesex University
BA(Hons),Recording Arts,2000-2001


Interests
Music, new technology, snowboarding, readingGilles Ruppert

San Francisco Bay Area

Front End Engineer at Facebook





10 people have recommended Gilles

  "My favorite type of developer is one who has a natural flair for coding. These developers often

  have an unconventional background, but gravitated towards development because they found it
  fascinating. Gilles' is just such a developer. He's self-bootstrapped to the level of JS expert. He

  writes excellent well structured, document and tested code and is always on the lookout for new
  tools and technologies to apply to his work. I thoroughly enjoyed working with and leading Gilles

  and wouldn't hesitate to do so again in the future."
  Phil Messenger,Chief Scientist, Intent HQ, managed Gilles at Global Dawn


  "I worked with Gilles on the new top gear site (at the time) and it was a pleasure to work with him.

  Gilles is really helpful, thorough, and is always willing to go that bit extra to make the product
  something special. It was a pleasure to have worked with Gilles. I would recommend Gilles to

  anyone. Usman"

  Usman Hussain,Senior Test Architect, Thomson Reuters, worked directly with Gilles at BBC
  Worldwide


  "Gilles is an astounding developer who I've had the pleasure to work with on numerous occasions.
  He is a brilliant developer and I've yet to see him not solve a problem. I would not hesitate to
  recommend Gilles to anybody in need of a web developer and JavaScript guru!"

  Christian Kirkham,Lead Interaction Designer, JACK RENWICK STUDIO LTD, worked directly

  with Gilles at Made of Bytes Ltd.

  "I worked with Gilles for over a year while on the BBC iPlayer project. He has a very deep

  knowledge of Javascript and CSS and is always happy to transfer that knowledge on and give
  advice to colleagues. Gilles always wants to produce the best code possible so I would say he is an

  asset to any team."

  Aron Shamash,Senior UI Developer, The Times, worked directly with Gilles at British
  Broadcasting Corporation"Gilles is one of the most passionate developers I have ever met. A joy to be around and work with,

he is an outstanding developer and always brings new ideas and technologies to the team."

Brendan Borgelt,Architect / Developer, Allete IT Ltd, worked directly with Gilles at BBC
Worldwide


"I had a great time working together with Gilles. He is a very skilled frontend hacker with wide area
of expertise. Always has some good ideas and suggestions for improvements; he is following the

latest trends of application design and architecture solutions. It's a real pleasure for a backend
developer working with such a brilliant guy!"

Marcin Olichwirowicz,Ruby Developer, Stack Builders, worked directly with Gilles at Global
Dawn


"Gilles manages to share his deep knowledge with non-professionals in the field of Web

development, orients the customer to improved concepts without pushing and delivers remarkable,
foolproof output. I recommend Gilles to all Website owner who want to achieve superior results at

reasonnable cost."

Jacques Ruppert,Owner, Ruppert Musical instruments S.A., was Gilles's client


"Gilles is one of the best front-end (and overall) developers I've worked with. He's constantly

learning and pushing his knowledge, and looking for new and better ways to do things. He picks up
new ideas quickly, works brilliantly in a team, and is generally a joy to work with."

Nic Wise,Mobile Developer (contract), ANZ Bank, worked directly with Gilles at BBC
Worldwide


"Gilles was one of the more senior developers on the team at Global Dawn. He has expertise in

OO TDD JavaScript, HTML and CSS. He is constantly suggesting improvements which are very
well thought out and explained clearly to the team. He also has excellent knowledge in GIT source

control and helped the team improve the process in this area. He is not afraid to get his hands dirty
and he even got knee-deep in writing Ruby seed files. A real asset, I would be more than happy to

recommend Gilles and work with him again in the future."

Adam Silver,Front-end UI developer, JUST EAT, worked directly with Gilles at Global Dawn


"Gilles was an indispensable member of the iPlayer team, in both his technical knowledge and
ability, and his passion for doing things well. He wrote some cool code to some high-aiming

requirements under challenging circumstances. I don't think you could ask for more really."

Simon Frost,Consultant, Veenoct Ltd, managed Gilles indirectly at Made of Bytes Ltd.Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  6/24/2015View by Monica Bungcasan