Sudhakar Padala

San Francisco Bay Area

Vice President - Engineering at Mavenir Systems/Stoke Inc.


Summary

ACCOMPLISHED BUSINESS DRIVEN ENGINEERING LEADER Driven, results oriented

 engineering leader with over 20 years of extensive experience in delivering solutions & systems
 for Mobile services, Security, DPI, 3G/4G wireless, WLAN and SDN/NFV. Thrive in fast paced

 environments where there is intersection of business, technology and innovation. Well balanced,
 rounded executive with proven track record as a leader, mentor and a key enabler of teams to
 execute complex projects and deliver products & solutions on time. Strong 360 degrees collaborator

 with other groups such as sales, product management, marketing, and standards bodies. -
 Executive/Senior Management & Technical Leadership roles - both technical & team management.

 Managed software teams of 100+ engineers located in multiple sites across the globe. - Complete
 Product Lifecycle Management starting from concept to planning, design and delivery of products

 from Engineering - Cross Functional Team Leadership & Collaboration with PLM, CTO and Sales
 organizations in definition, execution and delivery of solutions to meet customer requirements. -
 Partner Engagement and Vendor Management of equipment & stack vendors. Managed vendor

 relationships, product evaluations, and contract negotiations. - Customer & Sales Engagement
 for requirement refinement, roadmap tuning, product architecture, development and delivery of

 solutions.


Experience

Vice President - Engineering at Mavenir Systems / Stoke Inc.
June 2013 - Present (2 years 1 month)

  Lead the Mavenir/Stoke engineering organization spread across two global sites in delivering
  carrier class security solutions for LTE networks & WLAN offload (TTG/PDG/ePDG) enabling
  mobile services. Guide Stokes product evolution towards SDN/NFV to enable security as a service

  and adoption of open platform architecture.

Sr. Director, Software at Stoke
May 2011 - June 2013 (2 years 2 months)

  Lead the Software Development team and Delivered the next generation 20 Gig card for Stoke's
  flagship SeGW product SSX.


Director, Software Engineering at Trapeze Networks
August 2010 - May 2011 (10 months)  Lead the Software development organization responsible for delivering Software for Enterprise

   WLAN solutions. Responsible for strategic shift towards open AP Linux platform for Trapeze AP
   products.

Sr. Manager, Development Engineering at Ericsson

May 2008 - August 2010 (2 years 4 months)
  I manage the SW development team responsible for delivering security (IKE/IPSec) and DPI

   services for Ericsson solutions.

Director, Development Engineering at Azaire Networks
February 2005 - April 2008 (3 years 3 months)

  As a Director of Development Engineering, I was responsible for delivering the Azaire flagship
   product called Metro-WSG. It is a Gateway targeting the wireless and FMC markets. Its initial

   functions included SeGW for UMA & Femto markets, TTG/PDG/PDIF for I-WLAN markets
   and eventually targeting the LTE market as a SAE-GW. I was responsible for developing and

   delivering Metro-WSG ground up on ATCA platform. Besides managing the product development
   team, I held the additional responsibilities of defining the platform evolution road map, identifying

   the right platform solutions, protocol stacks, etc. In this role I was responsible of complete vendor
   relationships that included product evaluations, price/contract negotiations, and other vendor

   issues.

Product Technologist at Openwave

July 2003 - February 2005 (1 year 8 months)
  As a Sr. Product Technologist, I was responsible for defining the solution architecture for

   Openwaves next generation service delivery platform.

Technical Lead at Tahoe Networks
October 2001 - June 2003 (1 year 9 months)

  As a Technical Lead, I was responsible for defining and developing the CDMA2000 solution for the
   Tahoe fault tolerant wireless router TMER5000


Technical Lead at Cisco Systems
July 1996 - October 2001 (5 years 4 months)

  As a Solution Technical Lead, I was part of the team that defined the Cisco wireless solutions. As
   the CDMA2000 expert within the team, I was actively involved in the definition of Cisco wireless

   solution that was eventually marketed as Cisco CMX. I worked closely with teams working within
   IOS and in the standards groups (3GPP/3GPP2/IETF) to influence and drive solutions that provide

   the best technologies for the wireless operators. As the initial member of wireless business unit
   and a system architect and team lead, I was responsible for defining the PDSN solution in Cisco

   IOS and delivering it.

Sr. Software Engineer at SynopsysJanuary 1991 - June 1996 (5 years 6 months)
  As a SW Development Engineer, I worked on the next generation HW modeler developed by Logic

   Modeling/Synopsys. Developed device drivers and embedded SW.

SW Engineer at CMC Ltd
1988 - 1990 (2 years)



Education
Sainik School, Korukonda

High School,Mathematics, Physical Sciences,1972-1980
Osmania University
Bachelor of Science (BS),Mathematics & Earth Sciences

University of Hyderabad
Masters,Computer ScienceSudhakar Padala

San Francisco Bay Area

Vice President - Engineering at Mavenir Systems/Stoke Inc.





5 people have recommended Sudhakar

  "Sudhakar is a rare combination of an excellent people manager and a very strong, hands on

  technical manager. He is excellent in conceptualizing architecture and charting out a detailed
  product development road map to translate white board into reality. His many years of hands on

  experience in product development makes him a par excellence Bottom Up Architect. He has
  a great start-up mentality, Do what ever it takes, to get the job done, at the same time keeping

  companys goals in perspective. At Azaire, Sudhakar consistently performed and delivered under
  tight budgets and tough resource constraints. Sudhakar is a 360 degree performer, with the ability
  to work well and have an excellent rapport with his team, his peers and his managers. Sudhakar

  would definitely be a key contributor in any organization."

  Zaheer Allam,Chief Delivery Officer - Engineering & Operations, GlobalLogic, managed
  Sudhakar at Azaire Networks


  "Sudhakar was a thorough and versatile technical leader who could clearly see the big picture and
  was able to provide guidance to the engineers with respect to various nuances of standards. At

  Cisco, I closely worked with him when he was in a techlead role, and have a high regard for his
  technical abilities."

  Bhaskar Bhupalam,Founding Architect, Avni, worked indirectly for Sudhakar at Cisco Systems


  "I had the opportunity to work with Sudhakar during our Redback-E// tenure. He led the Engg team
  to deliver ASE card with DPI and IPSec as primary apps. While very effective in leading his team,

  he always extended his support to cross-functional teams spanning multiple site and different
  groups (PLM, Pre-sales/RFP etc)."

  Rishi Mehta,Sr. Dir, Product Management, Ruckus Wireless, worked with Sudhakar at
  Ericsson


  "Sudakhar is an awesome manager, a person with knowledge on every aspect. I reported to him

  during my stint in his team and I must say that it was such a personal delight to listen to him talk on
  technical topics as well as topics like US Presidential Elections, his knowledge on any of the areas
  is simply stunning.For me he is a role model.His techno managerial skills are great and he do cared  about his team members and the way he protects his team members in crisis situation is simply
  great. I wish I can be part of his future teams."

  Tarundeep Singh Kalra,Manager, IBM, reported to Sudhakar at Azaire Networks


  "Sudhakar has an excellent background in Telecoms and IP networking. He has both the technical

  knowledge of new architectures as well as the know-how of today's operator deployments. He
  is able balance these requirements and develop very effective solutions for carriers. At Azaire,

  he was able bring this unique perspective and help to design new products within 1 year and be
  able to deploy in Tier-1 carrier networks. I strongly recommend him as a key technical/product
  development director and would like the opportunity to work with him again."

  Naveen Dhar,Head - Business Strategy and Planning, Center for Innovation, Huawei

  Technologies, managed Sudhakar indirectly at Azaire Networks



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  6/30/2015View by Monica Bungcasan