Ben Bongalon

San Francisco Bay Area

Senior Software Engineer at Intuitive Surgical


Summary

I am a technology generalist with a broad portfolio of skills in cloud-computing, mobile, embedded

 systems, simulation/modeling, visualization and bioinformatics. In my spare time, I tinker with algae
 bioreactors, robots and embedded devices.


Experience

Senior Software Engineer at Intuitive Surgical

November 2014 - Present (9 months)
  Member of the core team developing cloud-based applications for collecting, analyzing and
   visualizing sensor/operational data generated by our fleet of over 2,500 da Vinci surgical robots

   installed in hospitals worldwide.

Staff Software Engineer at Motorola Mobility
June 2011 - Present (4 years 2 months)

  Full-stack development using AngularJS / Django / Google Cloud technology. Most recently a
   Web portal to conduct "Over the Air" (OTA) software update campaigns on behalf of telecom

   carriers, so that millions of Motorola customers can upgrade to and enjoy the latest Android OS
   on their phones. Previously the Test Lead of the OTA team. Built automated end-to-end tests

   for Web services/portals and developed various tools (device emulators, post-deploy verification
   scripts, etc.); work with Ops and NetEng to verify infrastructure/network changes and software
   deployments that could impact end-user mobile experience and carrier network connectivity to our

   OTA platform.

Customer Support Engineer at 510 Systems
May 2010 - May 2011 (1 year 1 month)

  Primary technical support contact for customers who use our real-time 3D mapping system to do
   streetmapping and GIS surveys. Analyzed massive datasets to root cause data anomalies arising

   from sensor measurement errors (GPS/IMU inaccuracies, out-of-calibration LIDAR and camera,
   etc.) or hardware/software faults. I was often able to reprocess an imperfect dataset to produce

   colorized 3D pointclouds and panoramic images that accurately capture the surveyed areas in
   digital form. When feeling badass, I calibrated fast-spinning laser thingies.

Lead Test Engineer at eRide Inc.

2006 - August 2010 (4 years)  Responsible for testing the companys GPS technology portfolio (chips/modules, embedded
   software, A-GPS server). To save costs, I developed an automated testsuite using open-source

   tools to drive a commercial GPS simulator (sorry Spirent!), expanding testing capacity to near
   24/7 operation. Debugged RMAs and helped customers resolve hardware/software issues when

   integrating eRide technology into their products.

IT Accessibility Coordinator at Public Health Institute

2004 - 2006 (2 years)
  I coordinated a Fed-funded research program to promote accessible technology (Web, software,
   ebooks, etc.) in K-12 and postsecondary schools to support equal access for people with

   disabilities. Organized CalWAC 2006, the first state-wide conference on Web accessibility for
   universities and community colleges in California.


Software Architect at Hutchison Telecommunications Australia
2001 - 2003 (2 years)

  Designed telephony (CTI/ACD, Softphone) apps for a 400-seat virtual callcenter to support the
   3G mobile business, with customer calls seamlessly routed to agents in Brisbane, Sydney and

   Mumbai. Managed a software team to create content for WAP service and maintain the Orange
   Web portal.

Technical Lead at Motorola Australia Software Centre

1998 - 2000 (2 years)
  Lead developer of the Motorola DSP Developers Kit, a commercial plug-in for Matlab/Simulink

   enabling system designers to rapidly simulate, code and verify algorithms for Motorola DSP 56000
   chipsets. My other key accomplishment is not being bitten by deadly brown snakes while frolicking

   in the knee-high grassy fields of Adelaides Technology Park during my 2+ year career at MASC.

Software Engineer at Intel
1990 - 1998 (8 years)

  Intel is where I cut my teeth in software development, simulation/modeling and Statistical Process
   Control. I ported the companys flagship circuit simulator to Windows NT, implemented the BSIM2

   aging model to identify circuit reliability issues, measured silicon data and extracted MOSFET
   model parameters. Ive never seen so many wafers in my life.



Education
Santa Clara University

MS,Computer Engineering,1991-1995
National University
BS,Computer Science,1991-1994

UC Santa Cruz Extension
BioinformaticsBen Bongalon
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Intuitive Surgical






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  7/22/2015View by Gilbert Cariaga