kaushik vira

San Francisco Bay Area

Senior Software Engineer at Intuit


Summary

 Proficient in working with various technologies like Core Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlets), Struts 1.x, JSF
 Framework, Hibernate, JMX, XML, JDBC, Design Patterns, HTML, DOJO, Ext Js, Shell Scripting,

 Groovy and Grails.  Experience in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle including
 requirement gathering, application software analysis, design, development, implementation, quality

 assurance, testing, implementation, unit testing, production support and maintenance.  Expertise in
 SDLC, Agile, Scrum Methodologies and other software process models  Proficient in understanding

 business processes / requirements and translating them into technical requirements  Ability to work
 in tight schedules and efficient in meeting deadlines.  Self-starter, fast learner and a team player
 with strong personal and group communication skills.  Experienced in major phases product lifecycle

 (planning, analysis, design, execution, trouble-shooting, launch)  An excellent communication &
 interpersonal skills with abilities in resolving complex software issues.


Core Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlets), Struts 1.x, Hibernate, JMX, XML, JDBC, Design Patterns, HTML,
 DOJO, Ext Js, Shell Scripting, Groovy and Grails.


Experience

Senior Software Engineer at Intuit
March 2014 - Present (1 year 5 months)


Senior Software Engineer at Ticketmaster Entertainment
March 2012 - Present (3 years 5 months)

Lead Software Engineer at Ticketmaster
September 2013 - March 2014 (7 months)


Team Lead at Persistent Systems
August 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)

Module Lead at Persistent Systems
August 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)


Senior software Eng. at Persistent Systems
August 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)

Software Engineer at Persistent SystemsAugust 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)

Computer programmer Analyst at Persistent Systems
August 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)


J2ee Developer at Elitecore Technology Pvt Ltd.
June 2007 - August 2008 (1 year 3 months)


Education

Charotar Institute Of Technology - Changa
BEIT,Information Technology,2003-2007
Bhuj English School.

Highschool,1989-2000kaushik vira

San Francisco Bay Area

Senior Software Engineer at Intuit





4 people have recommended kaushik

  "Kaushik was really talented Software Developer(J2EE). He was really detail oriented and very

  dependable even when he was really new in the industry. He was very analytical and must have
  grown to a stage where he can handle technical challenges and technical strategy on his own."

  Vaseem Lahori,Technical Architect, Synoverge Technologies Pvt. Ltd., managed kaushik at
  Elitecore Technology Pvt Ltd.


  "Kaushik worked with me on different project assignments. His strong technical skills and go getter

  attitude has always helped the projects to meet their deadlines with a quality output. He is a detail
  oriented person, thinking from a customer's angle and providing valuable inputs from time to time.

  No matter what technology his project required to work him on, he always excelled it, getting a good
  hang in a very short time."

  Laxmikant Birajdar,Project Manager - QA, Persistent Systems, managed kaushik at Persistent
  Systems


  "Kaushik joined the TicketWeb team in early 2012 and in a very short time it was apparent that he
  had the rare combination of deep passion for technology, an aptitude for understanding business

  and a work ethic for heads down development. In his stint Kaushik contributed immensely in setting
  up the foundations of the web platform, assisted in setting up best practices and coding standards

  and mentored junior engineers while executing under tight deadlines. I heartily recommend Kaushik
  and look forward to working with him soon."

  Rohan Kamath,Director, Software Engineering, Ticketmaster Entertainment, managed kaushik
  at Ticketmaster


  "I worked with Kaushik for a brief period of around 12 months. One of the most enthusiastic young
  fellow I have come across. He has a high willingness to excel in whatever task he does. His

  commitment to resolve any application related issues has been amazing."

  Rupen Momaya,Head - Operations Engineering, Apps & DB towers, Netmagic Solutions
  (An NTT Communications Company), was with another company when working with kaushik at
  Persistent SystemsProfile Notes and Activity (1)

  7/24/2015View by Regina Pilapil