Thomas RICARD
VP of Engineering @ myERP.com
Current
Co-founder
Lead Developer

Past
Software Engineer
Project Manager
Software Engineer

Education
Université Paris Nord- Paris 13
Université Paris Nord- Paris 13

Recommendations Received
MustaphaEl Gharbi

Summary
Java developer with 8 years of experience. 

Project Manager with 3 years of experience on ERP projects

Great knowledge of Cloud Computing techno, especially AWS.

Lead developer of myERP, a Saas ERP for small business.

3+ years of Ruby and Ruby on Rails.

Very good knowledge/skill in performance and scalability.

Front-end : GWT, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3
Backend : JEE, Rails

Experience
Co-founder
Les P'tits Mwana
(Sole Proprietorship;Internet)
11/2011 - Present
http://www.lesptitsmwana.com

Les Ptits Mwana (means Small kids in Lingala, an African language) is a website created by my wife and I to help moms with their parenting struggles. Born as a Q&A website, it's evolved to this current form over the last year, becoming more of some kind of a portal for moms and future moms. Les Ptits Mwana, it's currently 50K visitors per month (~150K page views) and growing.

And it's eating up my nights :-)

Full-stack development from the OS up to the front-end javascript

Hosting: Linode
App server : Rails
CSS : Twitter Bootstrap, saas
database : mySQL
search : ElasticSearch
Queues : Resque
Other : Redis
Other2 : SEO stuff, Google Analytics, Adsense

Mobile: work in progress : IOS development of an app related to Les Ptits Mwana
Lead Developer
myERP.com
(;Information Technology and Services)
7/2008 - Present
Once an on-premise Java ERP, myERP.com was migrated to the WEB. It's now a Saas single instance, multi-tenant ERP service.

- led the migration from Java/Swing to GWT
- chose and migrated the app to Amazon Web Service (EC2, S3, SQS). It was in 2007
- led the re-architecture to keep up with the increasing load.

=> myERP.com is currently available with already 15,000 small business accounts (Free and Premium)

In March 2010, myERP.com was part of the Google Apps Marketplace. 
=> 3000 signups the first week.

Techno: 
Front => GWT, Ext-JS, SmartGWT, Javascript, HTML, Java JSP, Servlet
Backend => AWS (EC2, S3, SQS, ELB, CloudFront), Tomcat, mysql, Ruby
Software Engineer
Avanquest USA
(;Information Technology and Services)
12/2006 - 6/2008
Helped Avanquest Customer Support to fix customer issues
Developed/debugged Small Business Pro for the US and UK markets

Techno: Java, CruiseControl, Eclipse, Google GWT, Ext-JS
Project Manager
Inventime
(;Computer Software)
7/2005 - 11/2006
- Hired new developers
- Managed other developers
- Scheduled tasks
Software Engineer
Inventime
(;Information Technology and Services)
10/2003 - 5/2005
Source/project/configuration management using Subversion and CruiseControl

Java Development

Reduction of the memory footprint, fix memory leaks, optimization (startup, Garbage Collection)

User interface improvements (better user experience)

Software and Business rules Internationalization(i18N)

Reporting using JasperReport (Invoicing, Audit Trail, Inventory reports, Accounting reports, etc.)

Microsoft Excel and CSV file export

Customer Customization : Implementation of the user customization tools which is used to fit specific business needs easily.

Business Rules: Worked with French, UK/US accounting laws.

CRM : opportunity/Call management

Invoicing/Estimates/Sales-tax management

Inventory control and MRP (Material Requirements Planning)

=> Product Integration and deployment for FotoVista (owner of Pixmania, European leading Hi-tech ecommerce
web site)

=> Partnership with Avanquest (Ex BVRP): Released Small Business Pro with more than 8,000 users

Education
Université Paris Nord- Paris 13
Master Degree,Business Intelligence, Data Mining and Reporting

Université Paris Nord- Paris 13
Associate Degree,Computer Science


Recommendations
Recommendation Type : colleague ,  Recommender : Mustapha El Gharbi
Working with Thomas was very instructive for me, that was my first official work. Thomas was extremely present and attentive. As a pro in software programming, his assistance and consultings were invaluable for my work. My first experience at work was really pleasant and i'm looking forward to work again with him.