Nitin Motgi

San Francisco Bay Area

Founder, CTO at Cask


Summary

Nitin currently is heads-down working on building an awesome company with his colleagues at

 Cask Data, Inc. Prior to Cask Data, Nitin spent 5 years at Yahoo!, where he was an engineering
 lead working on a large-scale content optimization and personalization engine known externally

 as C.O.R.E. He was one of the founding members of C.O.R.E at Yahoo! He pioneered the use of
 HBase in production at Yahoo!, running what was at the time one of the biggest HBase clusters in
 the world. Under his engineering lead, Yahoo! Frontpage reached a whooping 300% increase in

 engagement due to optimization, deep personalization and a substantial increase in incremental
 revenue. He was instrumental in getting C.O.R.E deployed into different parts of Yahoo! C.O.R.E

 was featured in the 500th Information Week publication, anniversary 2011 edition, as one of the 20-
IT-ideas-worth-stealing". Before Yahoo!, Nitin was at Altera, building systems that helped improve

 the overall process for identifying fabrication issues at scale. Prior to Altera, Nitin was with FedEx,
 where his various roles helped Fedex build a revenue monitoring and prediction system. Nitin is
 known as an exceptional collaborator with both his peers and team members. He is optimistic,

 energetic, transparent and approachable. He takes a strong interest in the career development of his
 team members and the relationships he builds with others. He is someone who can be trusted, leads

 by example and will get the absolute best out of his team. Specialties: BigData Technologies, Cloud,
 Web Technologies, Creation of Productive Teams, Engineering Team Turnaround, and Coaching /

 Mentoring


Experience

Investor at Archively Inc
January 2013 - Present (2 years 8 months)

Engineering at Cask Data

December 2011 - Present (3 years 9 months)
  Founder/CTO

Technical Yahoo at Yahoo Inc

September 2006 - December 2011 (5 years 4 months)
  Media mentions of CORE  http://www.informationweek.com/news/galleries/global-cio/
  interviews/231600980?pgno=9)  http://www.fastcompany.com/1770673/how-yahoo-got-to-a-billion-

  clicksSoftware Engineer at Altera Corporation
November 2005 - September 2006 (11 months)
  Do stuff


Sr. Programmer Analyst at FedEx Services
July 2001 - November 2005 (4 years 5 months)
  Learn stuff



Education
University of Central Florida
MS,Computer Science,2000-2002

Karnatak University
BE,Computer Science,1994-1998


Interests
Distributed Computing, Machine Learning, Personalization, OptimizationNitin Motgi

San Francisco Bay Area

Founder, CTO at Cask





10 people have recommended Nitin

  "Nitin is one of the most passionate and inspirational engineers I have worked with. A very hard

  working, talented engineer and a visionary with endless zeal to deliver a quality product. His
  engineering accomplishments will wow anyone regardless of the size of the project. He is also a

  great leader and knows how to get the best out of his team."

  Bhavin Modi,TechOps Manager, Pivotal R&D, Pivotal Inc. (formerly Greenplum - EMC), worked
  directly with Nitin at Yahoo Inc


  "Nitin is technically passionate and has high energy and enthusiasm to develop scalable solutions
  that serve business needs. He is a valuable asset to any team"

  Girish Balakrishnan,Principal, CM-Focus, worked directly with Nitin at Altera Corporation


  "Nitin is a brilliant and visionary designer. His ability to apply concepts to everyday development
  tasks is a point of mastery in his skill sets. Nitin has the ability to break down complex tasks and

  discuss them with people in a common sense way. He is a team player and takes on big and small
  tasks with the same enthusiasm."

  Skipper Wilkinson,Manager/ITD, Software Benchmarking, managed Nitin at FedEx Services


  "I had the pleasure of working with Nitin here at Yahoo as we developed strong platform for Content
  Optimization Relevance Engine in CPG (Cloud Platform Group). What can I say, he pretty much

  changed the dynamics of this product by improving CTR (Click-Through Rates) and thereby
  Revenue and is now the top most product at Yahoo. He is "the man" for solving complex problems

  related to Engineering, Design, Architecture, Operations, Integrations, you name it. Nitin brings to
  the table a passion for both technology and people and those who work with him and for him are

  energized by this . He brings enormous passion and friendly relationship along with professional
  skills that are very essential for productivity. Without any doubt I recommend Nitin to the highest
  level and also recommend him for anyone looking for a paradigm shift in their group/company/

  product."

  Jaldhi Valia,Sr. Engineering Manager, Cloud Platform Engineering/Application DevOps,
  Symantec, worked directly with Nitin at Yahoo Inc  "Nitin is an exceptionally skilled and innovative software developer. In addition to his technical skills,
  he is a pleasure to work with as he has a can-do attitude and is a good team player."

  Diana Trapp,Project/Process Advisor, FedEx Services, managed Nitin at FedEx Services


  "Nitin is incredibly intelligent, passionate about what he does, and a great guy to work with. He is a

  huge asset to Yahoo."

  Cameron Johnson,Vice Mayor, City of San Carlos, worked with Nitin at Yahoo Inc


  "Nitin is a brilliant technical asset and an outstanding contributor. He is dedicated, dependable, and
  a real pleasure to work with."

  Steve Leslie,IT Manager - Product Management/IT Effectiveness & Governance, FedEx
  Services, managed Nitin at FedEx Services


  "Nitin is an awesome technical and people leader. He has both broad and deep understanding

  of technologies, that enables him to make very well informed technical decisions. He has a great
  intellectual curiosity and passion to deliver the very best. Nitin also has strong interpersonal skills

  and brings out the best in his engineers. It has been a great pleasure to work with Nitin and I highly
  recommend him."

  Sreevatsan Raman,Engineer, Cask Data, reported to Nitin at Yahoo Inc


  "Nitin has the passion and expertise to develop complex, abstract, and scalable enterprise

  applications. He is extremely thorough and is able to anticipate design needs of the applications
  early in the software development life cycle due to his experience. I recommend Nitin for any

  application development project, large or small, without reservation."

  Chuck Malani,Programmer Analyst Advisor, FedEx Services, worked directly with Nitin at
  FedEx Services


  "Nitin is smart and creative, and one of the most hard-working engineers I have seen. He has an
  amazing ability to build large, complex system and get them running in a really short time. He was

  one of the lead engineers for the content recommendation platform team that won the Yahoo!
  Superstar award. He is passionate about technology; stays on top of it and continuously thinks

  about how to apply new technology to solve problems at hand."

  Pradheep Elango,Engineer and Technical Lead, Ads Ranking & Personalization, Facebook,
  worked with Nitin at Yahoo Inc




Profile Notes and Activity (1)8/8/2015View by Jonathan Tolentino