Jamie McKenzie

San Francisco Bay Area

Associate Software Engineer at Capital One


Summary

I am currently a front-end software engineer for Capital One Labs in San Francisco. I'm privileged

 to work on a brilliant, supportive and passionate team doing what I love and learning every day. At
 Dev Bootcamp, I delivered full stack applications built from the ground up through to production each

 week, working with teams using AGILE strategies and engineering empathy to guide team dynamics
 and increase effective and efficient performance. I also have a 2nd degree black belt. So, people
 who call themselves code ninjas? Step down. Keywords: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, SQL,

 PostgreSQL, Git, Python, HTML5, CSS3, Bash, RSpec, Capybara, ActiveRecord, TDD, AGILE,
 Engineering Empathy.



Experience
Associate Software Engineer at Capital One

August 2014 - Present (1 year 1 month)
  Front end web development working mostly with Javascript and AngularJS.

Student at Dev Bootcamp

January 2014 - March 2014 (3 months)
  A 9-week intensive web development program integrating Rails, Ruby, Javascript, PostgreSQL,

  HTML5, CSS3, along with strategies for effective team work, AGILE development, TDD, and
  engineering empathy with a heavy focus on OO. Over the course of 9 weeks, plus prep work, I've
  clocked at least 1000 hours of coding across multiple technologies, working solo and on teams.


Social Media Management & Web Design at Jamie McKenzie
June 2012 - December 2013 (1 year 7 months)
  Create and manage marketing initiatives and social media content for small businesses, including

  website design and creation and graphic design. Identify target online communities, research
  social presence of influencers, integrate social platforms into target communities and track real-

  world results from social media efforts. Utilize bought, earned and owned media to increase
  influence across multiple social platforms.

Volunteer Editor at Kiva.org

June 2012 - January 2013 (8 months)
  Assist with quality control of submitted micro finance loans for posting on Kiva.org.

Assistant Manager - Google Chromebook Product Launch at MKTG ProductionsJune 2011 - January 2012 (8 months)
  (Contract Position) - Assistant Manager for experiential marketing campaign to raise brand

   awareness for the Google Chromebook in partnership with Virgin America Airlines. - Cultivated
   PR and indirectly drove sales by engaging consumers and citing extensive product knowledge. -

   Collected market data through qualitative observations and consumer feedback. - Acted as on-site
   lead when Manager was not present and identified best practices for event execution. - Increased
   lends of Chromebooks to consumers from 34% to 83% of potential lends in first 2 months. -

   Motivated staff in a high-pressure, high-scrutiny environment to maintain an energetic and positive
   consumer-friendly demeanor. - Assisted with client and partner relationship management while

   client/partners were on-site.

Partnerships Team Intern at Kiva Microlending
February 2009 - May 2009 (4 months)

  - Used SalesForce to track clients in pipeline and manage current accounts of Partnerships Team -
   Organized and updated files of all clients of Partnerships Team.



Education
Dev Bootcamp

Ruby on Rails,2014-2014
Activities and Societies: Banana Slugs Cohort
San Francisco State University
B.A.,International Relations, Holistic Health,2007-2010

Activities and Societies: International Relations Student Association, OrangeBand
University of Arizona
School,International Relations,2003-2006

Activities and Societies: Universidade Federal do Ceara, Summer 2004; Cultural Exchange Program
 Participated in six-week Portuguese language immersion program including classes on Brazilian
 history and culture. All coursework given in Portuguese.
Universidade Federal do Fortaleza
Language Immersion,Portuguese,2004-2004

Activities and Societies: Learned Portuguese and studied Brazilian history.

Interests

ukulele, trumpet, gardening, paintingJamie McKenzie
San Francisco Bay Area
Associate Software Engineer at Capital One






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  8/15/2015View by Monica Bungcasan