Ceri Stagg

San Francisco Bay Area

Senior Software Engineer at Telltale Games


Summary

I have many years experience writing AI code to satisfy constantly shifting design specs written on the
 back of envelopes. My professional goal is to extend my knowledge of unit and compliance testing,

 and to erect a moat of paranoia around all my work to stop other people breaking it.

I am the world's foremost expert on using design by contract in a manner that ensures that at least

 half the bugs I fix are caused by other people, allowing them to go home earlier while I stay at work
 until 10pm, improving my typing skills and my ability to press F10 repeatedly while stepping through

 error-strewn code.


Experience

Senior Software Engineer at Telltale Games
October 2013 - Present (1 year 11 months)

Roving techno-tramp at Self-employed
May 2012 - September 2013 (1 year 5 months)

  Doing some Objective-C, Python, Prolog, Erlang and Haskell while subsisting on the fruits of forex
   trading. Eventually quit as I was fed up with my own unreasonable terms and conditions.

Senior software engineer at Ubisoft Vancouver

February 2009 - May 2012 (3 years 4 months)

Gameplay lead at Action Pants Inc
November 2006 - February 2009 (2 years 4 months)

  Working on a game project so secret that it's rumoured the company's owners have eaten the
   design.

AI programmer and designer at Radical

December 2003 - November 2006 (3 years)
  AI designer and programmer for high profile 3D open-world project ("Scarface") plus navigation
   system foundation work on "Prototype".


Programmer at Mobius Entertainment
July 2000 - July 2002 (2 years 1 month)
  AI designer and coder on two 3D action adventure games, one of them rubbishProgrammer at Charybdis Ltd
March 1998 - July 2000 (2 years 5 months)

  AI coder and game designer on two 3D realtime strategy games and one 3D action game prototype


Education

The University of Edinburgh
MSc,Artificial Intelligence
Activities and Societies: Societies were banned at Edinburgh, by order of the High Sheriff
University of Oxford

MSc,Computer science
Activities and Societies: Extreme croquet; top hat polishing society
University of Warwick
BA (Hons),Philosophy

Activities and Societies: I was an active member of Epsilon Kappa Gamma Delta Zeta Theta Beta,
 and once attended a meeting of the rambling society, a chilling experience.Ceri Stagg

San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Telltale Games






3 people have recommended Ceri

  "Ceri's skills are numerous, from top quality OO design to brilliant innovative game design. First and
  foremost Ceri is a top class AI programmer/designer, his code is robust and elegant, extensible and

  maintainable. I would happily work with Ceri in the future."

  Neil Armstrong,Senior Game Engineer, SEGA Europe Limited, worked directly with Ceri at
  Mobius Entertainment

  "He's a bit mad, dodgy sense of humour but ultimately really good at what he does. Gains bonus

  points for innovative thinking."

  Hal Angseesing,Technology Director, Lockheed Martin, managed Ceri at Charybdis Ltd

  "I have had the pleasure of working with Ceri on two projects. I can definitely say that he is not only

  one of the strongest Gameplay engineers I've ever worked with but also the most quality oriented
  of all. He is enthusiastic and very dedicated. You can very easily bounce ideas off of him and leave

  with very creative answers to your questions when in doubt. His open minded attitude enables
  him to come up with creative alternative solutions to any problem in his hand. He has a very solid
  theoretical and practical knowledge of object oriented development and C++ in particular. Definitely

  a great resource for the company and our team in particular."

  Dogu Taskiran,Co-Founder and CEO/CTO, Locopass, worked directly with Ceri at Ubisoft
  Vancouver



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  8/18/2015View by Salvador Jumag Jr.