Victor Makedonsky

San Francisco Bay Area
Sr. Software QA Engineer at Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories



Summary

Senior QA Software Engineer with over twelve years of experience in various quality assurance
 activites such as: test automation development; test planning and testing of complex real-time

 systems; documentation reviewing; improving of test processes as a part of CMM level 3 certified
 Software Development Company. Primary goal is to assist product team in on time release of
 high quality software to customers. This is achieved through detailed test coverage documentation,

 well maintained test automation for regression purposes, release process management, effective
 communication and feedback within and between development and QA teams. Specializing in

 development of test automation for UI, API, client-server testing, high avaliability and functional
 product testing.


Experience

Sr. Software QA Engineer at Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories
May 2005 - Present (10 years 5 months)

  Enhanced and maintained automated regression test suite for Genesys Outbound Solutions using
  Python/Jython based system. Provided enhancements of in-house Automation Testing Systems
  Participated in collaborations of product enhancements and new functional specifications.

  Designed, created, implemented and supported system for testing of Genesys Statistics Server.
  It's a multi log parser and analyzer of statistics, based on processing of server logs of the same
  activity. Developed, automated test cases for Genesys solution level testing which involves

  multiple servers system testing. Derived test plans and test procedures from the requirements
  and specifications to improve best practices for QA. Performed functional, integration and

  regression tests of complex CTI, multimedia and VoIP systems.


Education
St. Petersburg State Naval Technical University, St. Petersburg, Russia

Master of Science (MS),Electromechanical Engineering,1988-1994Victor Makedonsky
San Francisco Bay Area
Sr. Software QA Engineer at Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/3/2015View by Klenn Tinapay