George Zhou

San Francisco Bay Area

Senior Manager of Engineering, System Platform Qualfication, Routing BU, Juniper.


Summary

Summary:  Senior technical manager with over 22 years of engineering experience in the

 networking industry and a proven track record of product delivery.  Proven ability in the effective
 management of product delivery, people, and process. Successful in aligning team's direction to

 BU's business strategy and objectives. - 9 years of experience in managing networking software test
 and system qualification teams. Proven track record to deliver network application software and high
 performance & scaled routing/switching platforms - 13 years of dev-test & system test experience

 in qualifying complicated network system and application/virtualization. Experience in customer
 deployment support and escalation management.


- Software development & test engineering management - Manage the complex system platform/
software qualification and with good quality and high performance & scaling. - Hands on experience

 and knowledge in IP and MPLS networking, Layer 1-5 protocols, IPv4/v6 MPLS/Multicast forwarding,
 routing/switching, various IP service, network OS and packet/optical integration and virtualization.


Experience

Senior Manager of Engineering, systest, CBU, PSG at Juniper Networks, Inc.

December 2006 - Present (8 years 10 months)
  - Managing three small system test teams to qualify Juniper's IP/MPLS supercore router, ASIC
   based packet forward engine; Multi-chassis systems and Packet/Optical integration. - Before the

   BU partition, managed two system test teams in Internet Product Group (IPG) to deliver Juniper's
   ASIC based Packet Forwarding Engine and Core/Edge router platforms ( TX mulit-chassis, T1600

   back bone router) with high performance and scaling. - Managed the qualification of router
   virtualization related feature (Juniper Control System -- JCS).

Manager of Engineering, Infrastructure Product Group, at Juniper Networks

June 2001 - December 2006 (5 years 7 months)
  Systest line manager for sys-infra group responsible for Juniper's high speed packet forwarding

   engine and system platform qualification, along with various routing and forwarding applications.
   Senior systest staff engineer leading mulit-service edge router qualification (T640/M320/T320)
   qualification, deliver complicated QoS/Firewall and other IP forwarding & service features.


Senior System Test Engineer at Zaffire
June 2000 - June 2001 (1 year 1 month)  Worked as System Test lead to qualify Zaffire's Metro DWDM Optical Transport System, its
   ROADM, EDFA, optical planning tools and its EMS/NMS provision/monitoring application. Also

   qualified Zaffire's Optical/SONET transport system.

Senior Software Engineer at Cisco Systems, Inc
October 1994 - June 2000 (5 years 9 months)

  Worked as lead dev-test engineer in Cisco's Enterprise WAN Business Unit, qualifying C7500/
  C7200 edge routers and VIP distributed switch card for various switching modes, including CEF/

  DCEF (Cisco's Express Forwarding). Extensive hands-on experience for various WAN protocols
   and interfaces.


System Test Engineer at Hughes LAN system, Hughes Network.
August 1993 - October 1994 (1 year 3 months)
  I worked as testing engineer at Hughes LAN System at Mountain View.



Education
San Jose State University

M.S.,Computer Science,1989-1992
Jiangnan University
B.S.,Electrical Engineering,1981-1985

Suzhou Middle SchoolGeorge Zhou

San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Manager of Engineering, System Platform Qualfication, Routing BU, Juniper.





2 people have recommended George


  "George presents a laser-focus to his assigned projects, coordinating people and material to
  their targeted ends. George excels at garnering cross-organizational relationships to faciliate
  the necessary outcomes. His loyalty to his company, his projects, and his team is exemplary. In

  addition, George takes great pride in mastering the technical details of the projects on which he
  works - this convergence of managing team and technology, in my opinion, makes George an
  asset. I would consider it an honor to work with George and his teams anytime in the future."

  Kevin Dubray,Sr. Director, Engineering. Core Business Unit (CBU), Juniper Networks, worked
  directly with George at Juniper Networks, Inc.


  "Worked closely with George at Zaffire, at a System level configuration and testing. George is very
  detailed-oriented and comes up with great test cases. Enjoyed working with him in the lab for long

  hours :)"

  Raj Avasarala,Senior Engineering Manager, Juniper Networks, worked with George at Zaffire



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/5/2015View by Yna Marie Josol