Chandramohan Yengoti

San Francisco Bay Area

Project Director | Program Director


Summary

Summary: My expertise lies in leadership excellence, managing global teams, leading the software

 development lifecycle, and meeting and exceeding goals. I have a well-rounded, diverse experience
 spanning 15 years, including 9 years in project management and leadership positions with a world-

renowned company. I have a strong portfolio of achievements and key contributions including
 my current work for SAPs top product priority in 2015, double-digit productivity and quality
 improvements, and integration of a major acquisition. I am expert at managing multiple products

 including databases, mobile products, and technology platforms. Specialties: Data Collection &
 Analysis; Interpretation of Survey Results; In-Depth Research Studies; Reports and Forecasts for

 Management; Operations Analysis; Database Management; Goal Setting & Achievement; Program
 Management; Project Management; Experiment Design & Execution; Internal/External Relationship

 Building; Strategic Planning. Skills and Expertise:  Productivity Improvement  Influencing without
 Authority  Quality Improvement  Quality Assurance  Cross-functional Team Leadership  Thought
 Leadership  Team Leadership  Global Strategy  Product Lifecycle Management  Process

 Improvement  Software Development  Program Planning  Collaborative Leadership  Collaborative
 Solutions  Coaching  Mentoring  Skilled Multi-tasker  Goal Analysis  Training  Problem Solving 

 Testing  Troubleshooting  Design Patents


Experience

Production Program Manager in Assembly and Validation Services at SAP Labs
June 2010 - Present (5 years 4 months)

  Requested to join Quality, Governance & Production team (following SAPs $5.8B purchase
   of Sybase) to provide leadership in coaching engineering teams on SAPs SDLC processes
   established by the governing body. Oversee process governance, coaching, and control, supplying

   input to central governance teams. Drive production support in terms of blocking and managing
   resources. In charge of multiple Validation Services, including Solution Validation, Component

   Validation, Technical Validation, and Customer Validation as well as Post-Acquisition Integration.
    Reduced non-essential SDLC deliverables 70% within new process definition through

   concentrating on corporate and legal requirements, with additional bare minimum deliverables. 
   Decreased ongoing landscape set-ups 80% and increased bug identification 3x by conceptualizing
   and initiating complex customer-like landscapes for validation, representing 1st-time occurrence in

   SAPs 40-year history.  Advised senior management on SDLC strategy for Sybase integration.   Defined SDLC processes for integration and mentored all incoming program managers on SAP

   processes. Reduced standard deliverables by up to 70%.  Designed processes for Managed
   Cloud as a Service, aiding teams in progressing forward with product release to partners without

   need to wait for the governance team to roll out processes formally.  Introduced Off-Cycle
   Validations that involved validating cloud product without interfering with short cloud cycles.

   Enabled greater flexibility for engineering team while honoring quality commitment to customers.
    Initiated Pre-Validation Concept that reduced time gap by 3-4 weeks from end of development

   to release to customer. Additionally completed all product standards testing such as performance,
   security, and supportability.

Engineerin Program Manager at SAP Labs

June 2007 - May 2010 (3 years)
  Transitioned from SAP AG due to experience working in SAP HQ in Germany. Brought in to

   handle program management activities as well as operations management functions. Managed
   portfolio of 4 products: BPC, SM, Spend, and Supply Chain Performance Management. Maintained

   engineerings focus on coding, prepared all SDLC deliverables, and secured approvals from
   process owners. Directed operations for the Head of Quality, with 80 team members worldwide.

   Coached engineering teams, quality teams, and members of acquired companies in SDLC
   processes and SAP tools.                 Designed and rolled out Reporting Framework for the

   entire Performance Optimization Application unit, with a focus on simplicity and adoption. Reduced
   consolidation work by 50% while providing up-to-date status reports on time.  Delivered Q

   Gates at a 100% on-time rate and with minimum involvement from the development / product
   management teams.  Rolled out PIL trainings to BOBJ teams that facilitated their involvement

   with SAP systems with minimal disruption and high acceptance. Worked with approximately 7
   teams in the onboarding process.


Engineering Development Lead at SAP
June 2006 - June 2007 (1 year 1 month)
  Promoted to lead teams in India and Germany on ABAP-based development of services while

   creating services and ensuring quality / testing was in place. Worked with product managers,
   reviewed requirements with QA, developed services, and signed off following fulfillment of KPI

   objectives. Updated upper management (Director / VP) regarding ongoing status and motivated
   teams to deliver services on time.  Led teams in achieving record of 100% on-time delivery

   throughout entire tenure, with the large majority of services delivered before the deadline. Instituted
   detailed planning and coordination to achieve on-time objectives.


Software Developer at SAP AG, Walldorf, Germany
October 2000 - May 2006 (5 years 8 months)

  Hired for developer position with Oil & Gas for development and support. Provided ABAP-based
   development of IS-OIL downstream features in the Sales & Distribution, Pricing area. Supported   code based on customers needs.  Developed expertise in IS-OIL downstream processes that
   included MAP, MCOE, HPM, and others. Gained strong background knowledge in standard Sales

   & Distribution, Materials Management, and downstream-specific items in Order to Cash, Formula &
   Average Pricing, and Material Management of hydrocarbon products.  Created customer-specific

   development and feature enhancements to support high-profile and Fortune 500 customers such
   as Chevron, Texaco, Saudi Aramco, and Petrobras among others.

Software Engineer at Patni Computer System

1997 - 1998 (1 year)
  Y2K compliance: Code inspection of Cobol code and testing for Y2K compliance.



Education
IBS Hyderabad

Master of Business Administration (MBA),Business Administration and Management, Finance and
 Information Systems.,1995-1997
ICFAI University

CFA(icfai),Corporate Finance and Investments and Security Analysis.,1995-1996
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
B.Tech,Electrical & Electronics Engineering,1990-1994Chandramohan Yengoti

San Francisco Bay Area

Project Director | Program Director





5 people have recommended Chandramohan

  " I worked with Chandramohan for almost three years validating Sybase products. During this time

  Chandramohan proved to be incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. He always had an efficient
  strategy lined up to run the projects smoothly and he communicates his strategy very clearly. His

  project management skills, strategic thinking and dedication helped successful execution and
  on-time delivering with good quality. He is a calculated risk taker, pragmatic leader and a realist

  who seems to grasp ideas holistically whilst noting the acute details. If you ever need someone to
  deliver under pressure, no slip-ups, just results, Chandramohan is your man! He is great in dealing
  with difficult situations and a fantastic problem solver. I would confidently recommend him and

  would be happy to work with him again"

  Pushpanjali Sahoo,Services Quality Senior Specialist, SAP Labs, reported to Chandramohan at
  SAP Labs


  "Chandu reported to me, and I enjoyed working with him on the various projects we took on. Always
  punctual and a highly motivated expert. Independent, creative and ready to deal with difficult

  situations and solve the problems on time. His project management skills, forward thinking and
  understanding of dependencies are unique. When needed, Chandu can take on an advisory role

  to the teams involved and guide them to resolve road blocks. He denotes a strong determination
  to fulfill his goals, always being honest to others. His idea of a "customer like landscape" made
  validations more "real" and effective. He received accolades from internal customers as well as

  across development units. In short, he strives to simplify the complexities and has an innovative
  approach to solutions. I can recommend Chandu as a person with great project management skills

  and deep background of the Idea-to-Market framework. "

  Andreas Born,VP, SAP Production Programs: Cloud & Mobile, SAP  Labs LLC, managed
  Chandramohan indirectly at SAP Labs


  "I've been working with Chandramohan for the last 6 months and it has been a real pleasure. He
  is extremely professional and level headed person. He thinks outside the box and comes up with

  innovative ideas to create better products. In addition, Chandramohan is extremely thorough with
  product review and validation. He is an asset for any corporation."  Sudipto Chowdhuri,Vice President, Database Engineering, SAP, worked with Chandramohan
  at SAP Labs


  "I have had the pleasure of working with and reporting to Chandu on several Solution Validation
  projects during my internship at SAP. He is incredibly helpful and a great resource for someone

  new to the project management role. He happily provides guidance and expertise while also
  entrusting you with the responsibility needed to master and successfully complete a project.

  Additionally, he empowers and commends his colleagues, and consistently looks for new and
  innovative ways to improve processes and tasks. I highly recommend Chandu both in terms of

  people development and for his product, process, and SDLC knowledge, and I look forward to
  working with Chandu on future projects."

  Marte Kjelingtveit,Quality Project Manager | Quality Governance and Validation, SAP, worked
  indirectly for Chandramohan at SAP Labs


  "I worked with Chandu in the realm of Mobile Device Management. Chandu was for my team of

  invaluable help and go-to person for advice on making our product enterprise ready (fulfilling all
  Quality, process and release requirements) to deliver excellent quality product to our customers.

  The collaboration with the development teams was outstanding. This comprised topics like
  e.g. security, quality/testing measures and metrics, preparing shipments (beta shipments and

  production shipments) to customers in all aspects, etc. Chandramohan is very solution & execution
  oriented, structured and organized. Meetings are always well prepared and he provides several

  options to get things done and support execution in keeping even the most challenging milestones.
  He's very innovative and open in his thinking. He has a good understanding of the products and

  customer base for which he is production lead aside from his excellent process knowledge (QA,
  production, SDLC, etc.). I hope there are in the future again opportunities to work together with

  him."

  Stefan Kircher,Vice President Product Development, Deloitte, managed Chandramohan
  indirectly at SAP Labs




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/8/2015View by Issaraporn Bao