Don Okuda

San Francisco Bay Area

Product Designer


Summary

I am a designer from Hawaii who has been interested with the web since the golden era of Geocities,
 Lycos, and Angelfire. After mastering the "marquee" and "blink" tags, I attended Otis College of

 Art and Design to study Graphic Design. I have an interest in app development, indie music
 posters, and visualizing datasets. I also create music in my spare time, check out various music

 shows, and help people cross the street. ----- Specialties: Branding and Identity Systems, Graphic
 Design, Motion Design, Music Production, Web Design & Handcoding Development, HTML, CSS3,

 JavaScript (jQuery frameworks),


Experience

Designer at thoughtbot
February 2014 - June 2015 (1 year 5 months)

Design Apprentice at thoughtbot
November 2013 - February 2014 (4 months)


Designer & Front-End Developer at LEMUR Heavy Industries
March 2012 - October 2013 (1 year 8 months)
  - Created web designs and branding for various start-ups and organizations. - *Handcoded* Ruby

  On Rails Front-End Development with HTML, CSS, and Javascript (jQuery) (Very experienced
  with HAML, SASS, and Coffeescript) - Worked simultaneously on projects with other designers
  and developers - UI/UX Consultation with clients throughout projects. - Drank at least 5 shots of

  espresso per day. - Clients included: Lowe's, Heroku, Tandem Stills + Motion, Los Angeles County
  Department of Health

Freelance Graphic Designer at Audyssey Laboratories

June 2011 - August 2012 (1 year 3 months)
  - Helping hand during product crunch time. - Designed quick start guides for Lower East Side

  speakers. - Updated online documentation. - Designed banners stands on display at conventions. -
  Developed HTML5 interactive banners and landing pages.

Interactive Designer at Mobad Games

July 2010 - January 2012 (1 year 7 months)  - Designed and developed current Mobad Games website as well as a mobile site for Mobile
   Safari using Concrete5. - Design interfaces for iOS games for iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad while

   working within corporate style guides.

Intern at IE Design + Communications
May 2009 - July 2009 (3 months)

  Work on projects for USC, UCLA, Kirkland Signatures, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
   Sciences, as well as in-house projects. No coffee runs here since they have their own coffee

   maker!

Digital Media Teacher Assistant at Otis College of Art and Design
August 2008 - May 2009 (10 months)

  I help students overcome their phobia of Adobe After Effects.



Education
Otis College of Art and Design
BFA,Graphic Design,2007-2010Don Okuda
San Francisco Bay Area
Product Designer






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/9/2015View by Yna Marie Josol