Galia Tchvikhovskaia

San Francisco Bay Area

Sr. Product Manager at eBay Inc



Working at intersection of e-commerce and logistics


Experience

Sr. Product Manager at eBay Inc
March 2013 - Present (2 years 7 months)

  - Managed Global Buying Hub Russia launch as product owner and program manager for 10+
  teams. - Integrated a new vendor for international address verification - Currently integrating
  3 major postal service providers in Germany. Product (front- and back-end) and program

  management responsibilities.

Product Manager at eBay
March 2011 - Present (4 years 7 months)

  Responsibilites: Validating business requirements and translating them into product requrements,
  defining the scope of the product, user experience, designing integration with outside systems/

  partners, writing documentation (PRDs), tracking progress on the project and program
  management level.

Analyst German Content/Product Management at NEXTAG, INC

November 2008 - March 2011 (2 years 5 months)
  - Created content for ads and emails for .de site; - Worked with EU sales department on onboarding

  new merchants and taking the input for product requirements - Coordinated re-branding efforts
  for .de site; - Worked on projects aiming to bring .de site on parity with .com site.

WORKFORCE LOGIC at GOOGLE

July 2008 - November 2008 (5 months)

Freelance translator at SAP Labs
December 2006 - February 2007 (3 months)

Graduate Student Assistant at AACHEN UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, INTERNATIONAL

OFFICE
June 2002 - June 2004 (2 years 1 month)

Employee at BOOKSHOP ALT-HOHENECK
March 2000 - September 2001 (1 year 7 months)  Company Employee Processed product data, billing and payment; provided customer support and
   delivery of product; started sales on eBay and other German and international online auctions;

   investigated prices using different Web search engines and specialized databases; uploaded
   product feeds to various publishers.


Volunteer at KLEINKUNSTBUEHNE ALT-HOHENECK
October 1999 - May 2001 (1 year 8 months)

  Organized, planned and run different projects (annual used book fairs, Christmas markets, various
   cultural events etc.); provided help with accounting; created and maintained (and continue
   maintaining) the website www.kultur-althoheneck.de


Foreign Language Assistant at FRIEDRICH-SCHILLER-GYMNASIUM
September 1999 - May 2000 (9 months)

  Interned as a Russian Language Assistant in Friedrich-Schiller-Gymnasium (Ludwigsburg),
   translating all of the necessary handouts and materials, assisting with teaching as well as with

   project work for students, making presentations about Russian language, economy and culture;
   conducted classes for children of Russian immigrants in German.

Administrative Assistant at SAMARA STATE UNIVERSITY

March 1997 - September 1999 (2 years 7 months)
  Provided support to faculty and staff in all capacities; prepared papers, articles, training and

   educational data for publishing.


Education

Human Factors International
Certificate,Certified Usability Analyst (CUA),2014-2014
RWTH Aachen University

M.A.,European Studies,2002-2004
Samara State University
M.A; Translator; M.A,Linguistics; German language; European Studies,1994-1999Galia Tchvikhovskaia

San Francisco Bay Area

Sr. Product Manager at eBay Inc





3 people have recommended Galia

  "Galia has been a real pleasure to work with. Over the past years I have come to know her as

  a dedicated and meticulous professional with a great eye for detail and friendly and easygoing
  personality. Her deep insight and knowledge of systems and processes paired with her proactive
  support to the sales team made a her a great asset. She will be sorely missed and I wish her all the

  best for her (certainly bright) future."

  George (Joerg) Noppens,VP Sales EMEA, ForNova, managed Galia indirectly at NEXTAG, INC


  "Galia is great team player and leader with a positive attitude. She is very pleasant and easy to
  work with. I've been very fortunate to work with her in the same group for some time now, and I
  can say that she's a dedicated professional and a very knowledgeable person always willing to

  help others achieve their goals. She always made herself available so that I could come to her at
  anytime with questions to help us plan ahead, stay on track and meet deadlines ahead of time."

  Joey Vallejo,Sr. Lead UX / Product Designer - Customer Experience, Citrix, worked directly with
  Galia at eBay


  "Working with Galia was always a pleasure. Galia made it possible to build a better bridge between
  the European and US offices. She helped implement our ideas for NexTag's German product

  catalog and was always interested in improving the layout and performance of the German website.
  Her knowledge of the German language and translation skills were extremely helpful in this context.

  I would certainly want to work with Galia again, as she is a dedicated, reliable and motivated
  colleague."

  Marion Rechau,Project Manager, NetFederation GmbH, worked directly with Galia at NEXTAG,
  INC




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/9/2015View by Jeleen Alagaban