Mohamed Sidahmed

Houston, Texas Area

Scientist at BP


Summary

 Subject matter expert in machine learning, data-driven modeling, and optimization.  Cross-industry

 background with leadership skills to support organizations leverage advanced analytics, modeling,
 and optimization techniques that make direct impact on the business.  Strong background in the

 design and implementation of a variety of research analytics programs. Strong capability generating
 prototypes and proofs of concept, acting as either sole researcher or team member.  World class at
 constructing testable hypotheses from arbitrary questions and performing large scale data analysis.

  Adding value from knowledge and experiences acquired as an R&D professional and as a scientist
 in the oil& gas, technology and professional services.  Highly skilled professional with excellent

 abilities in writing, speaking, and working with people, especially as coach and mentor. Specialties:
 data mining, machine learning, statistical learning, spatio-temporal data-driven modeling, event

 detection, surveillance, system optimization, risk and uncertainty analysis, business analytics,
 strategy and operations


Experience

Data Analytics Scientist at BP
January 2012 - Present (3 years 9 months)

  Apply data mining, artificial intelligence, and predictive analytics to BP applications in oil and gas
   exploration and production. Develop high-end analytics models for solving high-value business

   problems. Identify relevant innovative technology and be in charge of technical planning, design,
   and execution of research projects. Interact cross-functionally with other scientists and business

   stakeholders to understand and solve a multitude of challenging problems involving real-world
   physics-based, engineering and chemical datasets and first-principle models.

Senior Consultant at Deloitte

June 2010 - January 2012 (1 year 8 months)
  Lead ground-breaking sustainability analytics research leveraging machine learning algorithms,
   measurements of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, logs of travel miles, and records of energy

   consumption patterns. Responsible for identifying new business opportunities and pursuing the
   execution of projects with a high level of autonomy. Steer the development of solutions that makes

   a significant contributions to client base global business. In support of technical excellence in
   advanced analytics and modeling, operations, projects, strategy, and risk. Build and promote

   discipline capabilities in areas of expertise both internally and across industry.Researcher/Lecturer at University of Colorado
August 2005 - August 2010 (5 years 1 month)

Technical Yahoo! at Yahoo!

May 2008 - August 2008 (4 months)

Solutions Engineer at Intel Corporation
May 2007 - September 2007 (5 months)


Research Scientist at Intel Corporation
May 2006 - November 2006 (7 months)

Software Engineer at eBay

2003 - 2005 (2 years)

Software Engineer at Siebel Systems - Oracle company
2002 - 2003 (1 year)



Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
2014-2014

University of Colorado
PhD,Computer Science Information Systems,2005-2009Mohamed Sidahmed

Houston, Texas Area
Scientist at BP






2 people have recommended Mohamed

  "I had the pleasure of working with Mohamed during his 2007 internship with Intel. Mohamed
  made important and insightful contributions to the development of a future-state vision for Intel's

  IT department, which were ultimately incorporated into IT's long-range strategic plan. Mohamed is
  very well-versed in the current technology and business trends impacting large enterprise IT shops,
  and he has excellent communication skills. What I found most impressive about Mohamed was

  his ability and willingness to "be heard" on a team filled with strong personalities - when he had an
  important point to make, he did not get intimidated, which is a critical influence skill."

  Brian Gorman,Management Consultant, Brian Gorman Consulting Services, worked directly
  with Mohamed at Intel Corporation


  "Mohamed combined three great skills: Leadership; IT technical expertise; and people
  communication skills. He works with minimal supervision communicates at technical and at

  executive level and deliver results."

  Luis Gimenez,Platform Architect, Intel Corporation, was Mohamed's client



Profile Notes and Activity (2)

  9/10/2015View by Salvador Jumag Jr.


  9/10/2015Tag "SWE" added by Salvador Jumag Jr.