Sergio Ramirez

Sacramento, California Area

Software Engineer at Intel Corporation


Experience

Lead Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
May 2011 - Present (4 years 5 months)

  Architecture, design, and develop world class software tools. Lead a team through all phases of
   the SDLC to successful and professionally deploy and sustain worldwide tools with an end user

   base of over 1 million users. Responsible for developing the Product Requirement Documentation
   (PRD), External Design Specification (EDS), and overseeing the Validation Test Plan. I am also

   acting "Software Program Manager" for several SW projects and responsible for planning for and
   running program map day sessions, running and organizing Product Development Team (PDTs)
   and Defect Steering Team (DSTs) meetings.


Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
May 2007 - May 2011 (4 years 1 month)
  Responsible for the development of Software Validation automation tools and lead Validation

   Engineer responsibilities. Was responsible for over 10 different tools at a given time emplementing
   new features and improving validation efficiencies. Responsible for developing Validation test

   plans, test cases, and validation test reports. Performed grey box, black box, and white box testing
   using SW tools that I developed to automated such tasks.

Senior Computer Rework Specialist at Apple

June 1998 - February 1999 (9 months)
  Was responsible for debugging and isolating root cause analysis on new computer systems and

   following through till successful completion. Was also responsible for providing training and
   mentoring to the rest of the technical team as well as electronic data input into the technical
   knowledge database with every root cause analysis data that was captured.



Education
University of Phoenix

Bachelors Degree,Information Technology,2004-2007
ITT Technical Institute-Rancho Cordova
Associate of Arts (A.A.),Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering,1998-1999Sergio Ramirez
Sacramento, California Area
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/12/2015View by Salvador Jumag Jr.