Kale McNaney

Greater Los Angeles Area

Software Engineer


Summary

I'm an entrepreneurial engineer with a curiosity for exploring technology trends that allow smaller,

 tighter teams to do more with less time and money. I value learning about customers' needs
 and validating product hypotheses. My objective is to help smart teams succeed in reaching and

 delighting customers through the use of technology.


Experience

Contractor at Groupon
December 2013 - March 2014 (4 months)
  Improving consumer and merchant experiences in Home & Garden and Auto categories.


CTO at BabbaCo
June 2013 - December 2013 (7 months)
  Reduced tech infrastructure spend by 50% in ~2 months by switching from leased machines to

  cloud/hourly based hosting on Heroku. Implemented a responsive, mobile & tablet friendly layout
  for the blog and main site using Bootstrap. Seamlessly migrated thousands of monthly subscribers

  from Magento/Aheadworks to Chargify.

CTO at SunnyBump
November 2012 - June 2013 (8 months)

  Built a photo blog that allowed new and expecting parents to discover and organize products
  that would improve their families' lives. Orchestrated and implemented an affiliate network of 50

  bloggers that helped curate the products on SunnyBump. Ran Pinterest & Facebook marketing
  campaigns to acquire new members. Oversaw daily new product mailers to ~20k users. Integrated
  with Gumroad to sell products to members and their families.


CTO at OpenChime
March 2010 - November 2012 (2 years 9 months)
  Designed and implemented a scalable communication platform for consumers and merchants

  to talk and schedule appointments for a wide range of local services including roofing, house
  cleaning, auto repair, massages and videography to name a few. Initially bootstrapped funded,

  OpenChime successfully connected merchants and consumers in 300 cities across 12 countries
  powered only by myself and co-founder, Erdem Kiciman. Once funded by Lightbank, hired and   trained another engineer, a team of two in sales and marketing and a community manager before
   being acquired by Monthlys.com.


CTO at Musicane
2003 - 2009 (6 years)
  Designed and implemented a DIY digital sales platform for recording artists including John Legend,

   Will.I.Am, Saul Willlams & Trent Reznor and thousands of independents. Hired, trained and
   managed a team of developers in Venice, CA and New Delhi India.



Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology

BS,Electrical Engineering and Computer Science,2001-2005
West Seneca West Senior High SchoolKale McNaney
Greater Los Angeles Area
Software Engineer






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/14/2015View by Issaraporn Bao