Sundar Chandrasekaran

Greater Chicago Area

Senior Director Product Management, Marketing & Technology at Sears Holdings Corporation


Experience

Senior Director, Product Management, Marketing & Technology at Sears Holdings Corporation
August 2013 - Present (2 years 2 months)


Director, Engineering & Innovation, Mobile | E-comm at Sears Holdings Corporation
October 2011 - August 2013 (1 year 11 months)
  Owned & managed the complete lifecycle of a portfolio of leading edge technology products

   from Ideation to Design, Development and Launch. Worked directly on the Chairman & CEOs
   initiatives, leading products for four Business Unit Presidents across Sears Holdings.


Technology Leader Associate at Sears Holdings Corporation
May 2010 - September 2011 (1 year 5 months)

Co Founder at Shuuro Technologies
September 2009 - April 2010 (8 months)


Teaching Assistant: Management of New Product Development course at Stanford University
January 2010 - March 2010 (3 months)
  A course on techniques of managing or leading the process of new product development that have

   been found effective. Emphasis is placed on how much control is desirable and how that control
   can be exercised in a setting where creativity has traditionally played a larger role than discipline.


Product Information Design & Development Intern at Sony Computer Entertainment America
June 2009 - September 2009 (4 months)

Authored a Stanford School of Engineering Case Study at Stanford University
April 2009 - September 2009 (6 months)

  *Authored a Stanford Case Study analyzing Ciscos World Wide Reverse Logistics Program
   transforming its Reverse Supply Chain function to a $100M profit center from an $8M cost center.

   *This case study is now being used as part of the required course material for MS Degree Program
   in the Department of Management Science & Engineering at Stanford University and in Presidio

   School of Business, San Francisco.

Teaching Assistant: Principles of Computer Systems course at Stanford University
April 2009 - June 2009 (3 months)

Research Assistant - Spatial History Lab at Stanford UniversityOctober 2008 - December 2008 (3 months)
  Worked on data scraping and visualization using cartogram software and thematic mapping

   systems. Work presented to the directors at the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation conference and
   received high acclamation  Nov 2008.

Software Engineer at Infosys Technologies Ltd

June 2006 - June 2008 (2 years 1 month)
  Worked at the Hyderabad Software Development Center, India. Handled various stages of

   Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), maintenance and enhancement of HMIS application
   for Service Corporation International, North Americas largest provider of end-of-life arrangements

   and services. Have written & reviewed around 230 KLOC. Proof of Concept for Architectural
   enhancement, Performance Testing. Prepared Design Documents, Unit Test Plans and System
   Test Plans. Performed partitioning of Database, Analysis, generation & testing of Scripts.

   .NET Platform and Database: SQL Server 2000/2005(YUKON). Professional Achievements:
   - Awarded Certificate of Excellence for Best Project in Infosys Technologies Ltd.  May 2008.

   Nominated as Knowledge Management (KM) Anchor for the project team of 13 members.

Research Intern at Indian Institute of Science
May 2005 - July 2005 (3 months)

  Worked under the Chairman of Electrical Engineering, IISc, Bangalore, India. Research project on
    Vision based Autonomous Corridor Navigation of Mobile Robot in Image Processing and Fuzzy

   Logic Control. Paper on Vision Based Corridor Navigation of Mobile Robot submitted to Asian
   Conference on Computer Vision (ACCV) 2006, 7th International Conference held at Hyderabad,

   India.


Education

Stanford University
MS,Management Science & Engineering,2008-2010
Activities and Societies: Co-founder of ARMMAN USA, an affiliate of an India based NGO.

Anna University
BE,Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Activities and Societies: Student Member, Society of Electrical Engineers, Chennai, India. Student
 Coordinator for College Placement Activities Organizing Secretary for Electrical Engineering Dept.,
 College Students Forum Activities.


Interests
Disruptive and cutting edge Technology, Internet, Traveling, Singing - learnt Carnatic Music, Playing

 Harmonium, Mrudangam (a percussion instrument), Swimming, Para glidingSundar Chandrasekaran

Greater Chicago Area

Senior Director Product Management, Marketing & Technology at Sears Holdings Corporation





3 people have recommended Sundar

  "I met Sundar one and half year ago when he just took up the role of Director Engineering as the

  youngest director of Sears online business engineering. He is definitely the brightest director with
  new ideas and enthusiasm at Sears. He is very hands on, matured with his own thought process

  in managing complex projects. He took up few extremely challenging and high priority projects
  with difficult deadlines and delivered great results. Apart from his performance and intelligence and

  being prodigy Sundar is a great person to work.with both as a business partner and as a leader."
  Rathi Dasgupta,Senior Vice President and Head of Sales - Digital Transformation & Enterprise

  Solutions, US, Happiest Minds Technologies, was with another company when working with
  Sundar at Sears Holdings Corporation


  "Sundar is a bright and energetic business professional with solid mastery of formal business
  decision-making tools and methodology. His combination of technical and business skills has

  allowed Sundar to make a significant contribution to our business unit even as a summer intern. He
  is pleasant to work with and has been a great addition to our team."

  Tom Boerger,Senior Project Manager, Localization, Google, managed Sundar at Sony
  Computer Entertainment America


  "I became a colleague of Sundaresan Chandrasekaran (Sundar) when I recently provided
  guidance to him in writing an exciting Stanford University sustainable business case study entitled

  Turning End of Life Product Reprocessing into a Profit Center at Cisco Systems, Inc. Sundar
  freely takes initiative. He stepped up to tackle this complex and tedious job when his Stanford

  advisor and I had been looking for someone to do this for some time. Sundar writes well. I recently
  assigned this case study to my MBA students at the Presidio School of Management to read and

  we discussed it in class. The students were impressed with the quality of the case and significance
  of its main point, that companies can make significant profits by reprocessing/remarketing products
  at end of life. In writing this case, Sundar exhibited the ability to multi-process. He completed the

  task over the summer of 2009 when he was following up on other Stanford course requirements
  and working as an intern at a major Silicon Valley hi-tech company. I am pleased to have been

  one of Sundars advisors on this case study and hope that we can collaborate around sustainable
  business initiatives going forward."  Dwight Collins,Faculty, Presidio Graduate School, managed Sundar indirectly at Stanford
  University



Profile Notes and Activity (2)

  9/18/2015View by Maria Ivory Suarez


  9/18/2015Tag "SWE" added by Maria Ivory Suarez