Russell Black

Provo, Utah Area

Technical Services Engineer at Domo, Inc.


Experience

Technical Services Engineer at Domo, Inc.
2014 - Present (1 year)


Global Online Operations Engineer at Wolters Kluwer
December 2012 - 2014 (2 years)

Technical Services Engineer at LANDesk Software

October 2011 - September 2012 (1 year)
  Design and implementation of CRM processes and Service Desk software. Customer consultation
   and assistance. Database maintenance and repair including customizations for environment-

  specific needs. Support of customers in a SaaS environment. Lab testing of new products and
   working with engineering to identify defects for future releases. Assistance in customizing the CRM

   environment after data analysis for different implementations.

Senior Systems Analyst/Supervisor EMEA Client Care at SirsiDynix
December 2004 - January 2011 (6 years 2 months)

  In this role, I was responsible for interacting with customers on a daily basis in a support/liaison
   role. Requirements include customer service and support in a fast paced environment. I am

   very adept with communication skills and have no problems handling escalations of any sort.
   Duties include maintaining customer database integrity, software troubleshooting and customer
   instruction when required. Maintaining SAAS customer connectivity via a Citrix connection. I

   am also proficient in server and Operating System management, modifying Unix and Windows
   environments. I have been required to work extensively in several database environments

   including Sybase and MSSQL with a small amount of Oracle as well. I am proficient in managing,
   troubleshooting and updating these databases. I am frequently the point for escalations and

   managing customer issues that are beyond the scope of normal support and the abilities of my co-
  workers. I enjoy the administrative side of things and desire to drive advancement and change
   within my organization


Production Software Support Analyst at Aramark/SeamlessWeb
July 2007 - October 2007 (4 months)
  Provide problem analysis, evaluation, re-creation, and resolution of reported problems.

   Troubleshoot and develop solutions related to production software for internal and external
   customers. Create workaround procedures when standard procedures have failed and ensure   issues are resolved in a timely fashion. Review, analyze, and modify programs including
   debugging to support production software. Assist and provide guidance to level 1 support. Write

   reports using T-SQL. Perform various tasks in IT department


Education
Stephen F. Austin State University

1994-1999Russell Black

Provo, Utah Area
Technical Services Engineer at Domo, Inc.






3 people have recommended Russell

  "Russell excells at solving difficult problems. He works well with others on the immediate team as
  well as with individuals in other departments. He is willing to take on additional assignments and

  looks to improve himself as needs arise for additional knowledge gain or transfer. Russell continues
  to be a reliable team members and contributes to whatever team he is working with."

  John Perry,Sr. Director, Global Customer Support, SirsiDynix, managed Russell at SirsiDynix


  "Russell demonstrates consistent enthusiasm for SirsiDynix business objectives coupled with the
  technical knowledge to convert strategic and tactical thinking to provide excellent customer service.
  Russell's technical knowledge helps SirsiDynix to be the leader in customer satisfaction."

  Darron Isobe,Senior Application Support Specialist, SirsiDynix, worked directly with Russell at
  SirsiDynix


  "Russell is a very competent colleague who has a great work ethic and is very concerned with the

  details of each project. I recommend him without reservation."
  Val Gunnell,Sr. Systems Analyst, SirsiDynix, worked directly with Russell at SirsiDynix




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/19/2015View by Regina Pilapil