Shravan Papanaidu

San Francisco Bay Area

DevOps Engineer at Vocera


Summary

Enthusiastic and focused DevOps with in-depth knowledge on backend technologies and industry

 experience focusing in Cloud Computing and virtualization. Qualified and experienced DevOps
 engineer / software developer with a solid knowledge on backend infrastructure and technologies.

 Interested in an entry-level software developer / DevOps position in a company where I may be able
 to provide the company with the benefit of my knowledge, skills. AWS Certified Solution Architect -
 Associate. Skills-, C++, Java, Python, Datastructures, Android, SQL, JSP, Hadoop, Zookeepr, Pig,

 Hive, Mahout, Node.js, REST, shell scripting, AWS, Chef, Ansible.


Experience

DevOps Engineer at Vocera
July 2015 - Present (3 months)


Cloud Engineer Intern at REAN Cloud Solutions
August 2014 - May 2015 (10 months)
   Architected and designed on AWS cloud for customers to achieve high availability, fault

   tolerant and scalable infrastructure.  Automated and developed python scripts using boto aws
   library to manage cloud infrastructure which reduced manual work load.  Provided managed

   services, on-call support to production systems and resolved all types of issues in environment
   including but not limited to AWS issues, linux/windows issues.  Worked on Continuous Delivery /
   Continuous Deployment project to automate the pipeline using Ansible, Jenkins, Python, Packer

   and Terraform.

Assistant Systems Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services
May 2012 - July 2013 (1 year 3 months)

  Worked as VDC test environment Low level designer for British telecommunications plc project.
    Design, Implement and Analyze virtual and physical infrastructure solutions for BTs internal

   applications.  Configure and deploy VMs and templates.  Worked as a cloud architect for a
   client with a private cloud, hosting few hundreds of physical and virtual servers in their datacenter.

    Responsible for establishing interconnectivities and investigating broken interconnectivities
   between the servers in the datacenter   Responsible for the E2E test environment readiness for
   3 CCP test releases of BT Retail.


Assistant System Engineer Trainee at Tata Consultancy ServicesSeptember 2011 - September 2012 (1 year 1 month)
  Mainframes (IBM z/OS) IBM Mainframe, JCL, IBM Utilities, TSO/PDF, ISPF Dialog Manager,
  COBOL,CICS,DB2



Education
San Jose State University

Master's degree,Computer Software Engineering,2013-2015
SRM University
Bachelor of Technology (BTech),Electronics & Communication Engineering,2007-2011
Activities and Societies: IETE, IEEE, AARUUSH, Comspec


Interests
Cloud Computing, Virtualization, Linux, Kernel Hacking,Android.Shravan Papanaidu

San Francisco Bay Area
DevOps Engineer at Vocera





1 person has recommended Shravan

  "I worked with Shravan on a couple of projects where he provided technical advice and completed
  the detailed design for the installation of new server platforms. This was done accurately and in a

  timely fashion. Would not hesitate to work with him again"

  Allister Ferguson,Lead High Level E2E Platform Designer, BT Technology Services and
  Operations, was Shravan's client



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/23/2015View by Salvador Jumag Jr.