John Mercer

Greater Atlanta Area

Software Developer


Summary

CURRENT SITUATION I'm a Software Developer in the Greater Atlanta Area. PROFESSIONAL

 PROFILE LAMP Developer skilled in PHP, JavaScript, Java, and MySQL. Experience building
 enterprise applications in PHP. Specifically, helped build an ERM & CRM on a LAMP stack.

 Extensive work in Amazons and eBays Merchant APIs. At Cresca, hired full-time after contract-
to-hire period. TECHNICAL SKILLS PHP. MySQL. Java. JavaScript & node.js. XML & XSD.
 QA experience. Scrum, Agile. JIRA. Git & GitHub. Unix shell scripting. bash & zsh. Amazon

 Web Services. Digital Ocean. Web Server Admin. Mac OS X, Ubuntu Linux. Eclipse & IntelliJ.
 JUnit, Selenium, Jenkins. Amazon & eBay merchant APIs. WordPress. vim & vimgolf. KEY

 QUALIFICATIONS:  Skilled in PHP, Oracle MySQL, Java, Apache, Linux, & Unix technologies.
  Quick learner.  Understands businesss needs and how to translate those needs in adequate

 technological tools.  Ability to grasp complex situations easily, to adapt and learn quickly.  Adept at
 handling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.  Talented communicator  Self-motivated &
 committed worker ADDITIONAL SKILLS Communication: Three months experience on mid-sized

 startups QA team. Six months of internship experience on a small programming team. Four years
 of experience teaching high schools students. As a teacher, communicated difficult & sometimes

 foreign ideas in a clear, intelligible manner. Comfortable working with a wide variety of people of
 various ages, backgrounds, & expectations. Duped teens into learning. Organization, Management,

 Productivity: Both as programming & QA intern, worked closely with team members & accepted
 direction from team leader. As a teacher, managed paperwork for 150 students. Planned dozens of
 student philanthropic field trips an inner-city soup kitchen. Led instructional teams of 3-5 teachers.

 Implemented technology in the classroom.


Experience

Software Developer at Radify
May 2015 - Present (5 months)


Junior Software Developer at Atcore Systems
March 2015 - May 2015 (3 months)

Software Developer at The Creative Momentum
December 2014 - February 2015 (3 months)   Maintained PHP/MySQL legacy applications on a LAMP stack.  Built and maintained WordPress

   sites, themes, and plugins.  Extensive debugging experience with Xdebug and PhpStorm. 
   Source Code Management (SCM) with git.  Vagrant development experience with WordPress

   using VVV ("Varying Vagrant Vagrants").  Worked closely with Project Managers to finish tasks in
   a timely, organized fashion.

Software Developer at The Cresca Group

August 2014 - December 2014 (5 months)
   Used PHP and Oracle MySQL to help build an Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERM)

   and a Customer Services Management System (CRM).  Built software on a LAMP stack (Linux,
   Apache, MySQL, PHP).  Scrum, Agile experience.  Worked extensively with the Amazon

   Merchant Web Services (Amazon MWS) API and eBay's API.  XML-RPC and XML/XSD
   experience.  Collaborative coding with other developers via Nitrous.io.  JIRA experience  Source

   Code Management (SCM) with git.

Computer Science Student at Cal Poly State University
September 2012 - June 2014 (1 year 10 months)

  I studied Computer Science at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo. I focused primarily on C, Java, and ARM
   assembly.


Quality Assurance at Shopatron
November 2013 - January 2014 (3 months)

   Worked with Jenkins, JIRA, JUnit, and Selenium to provide quality assurance testing.  Scrum
   experience.


Programming Intern at Box of Robots
January 2012 - July 2012 (7 months)
  I interned at a very small gaming firm which developed an Android game client (VIP Life) with a

   node.js server. I programmed exclusively in JavaScript, mainly writing testing scripts & doing QA
   work.


Teacher (Religion & Latin) at Santa Margarita Catholic High School
July 2007 - August 2011 (4 years 2 months)

  --Communicated difficult ideas in a clear & distinct fashion --Developed & executed effective lesson
   plans & learning strategies --Constantly evaluated & improved pedagogy --Tricked students into

   learning --Worked with other teachers in Professional Learning Communities (PLC) to improve our
   knowledge of student learning --Graded student work, especially writing, thoroughly & effectively

   --Managed student discipline, both in & out of the classroom --Communicated clearly with parents,
   administrators, counselors, coaches, deans, & other teachers --Worked patiently with difficult

   personalities --Published worksheets, announcements, & other course materials on teacher
   website --Integrated technology into the classroom --Served on the school's technology committee   --Attended professional development opportunities, such as conferences, in-services, etc. --
  Proctored standardized tests


Mac Specialist at Apple Retail
2006 - 2007 (1 year)
  --Welcomed customers --Sold computers in a frenetic and sometimes riotously busy store --

  Educated customers on how to use their products --Responded to customer inquiries --Worked
   closely with managers & teammates to promote sales & ensure an enjoyable customer experience

   --Assisted customers with technical difficulties

Entrepreneur at Ivory Basement Books
January 2004 - June 2006 (2 years 6 months)

  I founded Ivory Basement Books, an online book reseller, in 2004 in order to sell discounted, highly
   specialized textbooks, mainly to graduate students, professors, & libraries. My responsibilities

   included working with publishers, programming a live database via Amazon Web Services, online
   marketing, and so forth. I closed the business in 2006 because it was unprofitable.



Education
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo

Master of Science (MS),Computer Science,2012-2015
Activities and Societies: White Hat Security Club, Orthodox Christian Fellowship
Boston College
M.A.,Theology,2002-2004

Emory University
B.A, Magna Cum Laude,Religion & Philosophy,1998-2002
Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa
Institut catholique de Paris

Junior Year Abroad,Philosophie et Theologie,2000-2001

Interests

Technology, languages,pedagogy, programming, music, cyclingJohn Mercer

Greater Atlanta Area
Software Developer






2 people have recommended John

  "John is insightful about all things educational. He has a strong desire to go beyond the textbook
  and present the entire perspective on a particular topic -- and he delivers all of this to the

  classroom. John's professionalism and dedication to educational enrichment make him atypical.
  His concern for actually teaching students what they want to learn differentiates him from other
  educational professionals who merely try to meet standards."

  Michael Costigan,Director, Strategic Development, TeleSign, worked directly with John at
  Santa Margarita Catholic High School


  "John Mercer is bright, coherent, thoughtful and creative. He is an excellent teacher. He easily

  motivates teens to study and to learn; to explore new ideas and to entertain the possibility that
  those things that they thought are "irrelevant" are actually interesting, important, and valuable. John
  is conscientious and trustworthy. He is reliable and consistent in performing his duties regularly,

  carefully, and diligently."

  Jeffrey VanderWilt,Teacher, Santa Margarita Catholic High School, worked directly with John at
  Santa Margarita Catholic High School



Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/26/2015View by Jonathan Tolentino