Genisim Tsilker

San Francisco Bay Area

Principal Platform Architect at Verifone, Inc.


Summary

 Team, Project leader, systems design and architecture for hosts system and embedded

 devices. Systems / SW   porting and customization.  Working experience with open source
 projects (WebKit2)  Kernel level programming. BSP, LKM design & development, development

 Video stack based on frame buffer (kernel and user space), porting Direct FB for embedded
 devices. modify bootloader BLOB. Linux kernel, busybox configuration and customization.
 Audio (ALSA) drivers developing for Audience voice and audio processors, for I2C / I2S and

 SLIMBus busses.  Embedded systems (ARM, MIPS) applications development. Experience
 with crosstool, scratchbox, ARM mVision  (MDK-ARM), DS-5 (development studio 5).  Socket

 level programming for UNIX / Linux and Microsoft platforms (scale-able, reliable client -server
 application) .  System analysis, detect and clean system from memory vulnerable code, code

 refactoring, performance improvement. Experience with memory tools (valgrind) for host and
 embedded system.  Multithreaded / concurrent programming experience for   Unix / Linux and
 Microsoft.  Design and development MTA   (SMTP server and mail delivery agent).  Design and

 development SNMP agents and MIBs      (SNMP Ver1, Ver2).  Design and development cluster and
 high availabilitysystems components (Veritas cluster server /Veritas global cluster Notifier, DNS

 based Global Cluster  Manager).  Development IPS (intrusion prevention system) based   on the
 IPtables and Snort Inline version.  Network configuration, management and monitoringsystems

 (OpenView, openNMS).  Core Internet protocols implementations, in C and C++   (IP, TCP/IP, UDP/
IP, SNMP, SMTP, HTTP, LDAP, DNS,        ICMP, FTP, CDP) Specialties:  Object-oriented design 
 Cross platform development.  Kernel programming.  Network applications for 2 / 3 tiers design and

 developing


Experience

Principal Platform Engineer at Verifone, Inc.
September 2014 - Present (1 year 1 month)

  New Verifone SW platform architecture, design, and development

Sr. System Platform Eng at Audience, Inc.
2012 - Present (3 years)

  Develop / Integrate Audio (ALSA) Kernel Drivers for Audience voice and audio processors for
   mobile devices of Samsung / LGE / Lenovo / others : eS325, eS704, eS705 drivers for S3 / S4 /

   S5. Develop drivers for I2C / I2S and SLIMBus buses. Integrate 3d party's SW (Sensory, Inc.)   with Audience Framework for Samsung. BSP Qualcomm Dragon Board 8060 / 8074. BSP Exynos

   Arndale 5250 with Linaro KK 4.4.2

Architect Internet Browser (Flash) at Nokia Mobile Phones
June 2010 - September 2012 (2 years 4 months)

  Lead implementation for Adobe Flash Player for Nokia MeeGo devices. Port WebInspector for
   QtWebKit2 based on qt4.7 and qt5. WebGL engine porting for QtWebKit. WebKit2 porting for Nokia

   devices. Provide architect docs for browser  flash projects for Nokia MeeGo devices.

Platform Lead Architect at Skiff LLC
February 2008 - June 2010 (2 years 5 months)

  Migration from MontaVista 4.1 based on 2.6.10 to 2.6.28 Marvell Kernel . Migration custom drivers
   from MontaVista 4.1 to 2.6.28 Marvell Kernel Migration MontaVista 4.1 and custom drivers to

   open source 2.6.29.3 Kernel Migration bootloader BLOB. Create Requirements for bootloader,
   kernel, partitions, filesystems, system level master process and connection manager Design and

   development video driver's for new generations of EPD display's Design abstract layer (API) for
   video system Design and development low level rendering API for video system Porting Direct

   FB for embedded device Manage LGE development team (bootloader, FS, system level LKMs)
   Porting & Validation different kernels: Monta Vista based on 2.6.10 for PXA310 ARM Marvell

   based on 2.6.28 for PXA168 ARM Marvell based on 2.6.28 for PXA310 ARM

System Redesign, Refactoring Group Leader at Dash Navigation

May 2006 - February 2008 (1 year 10 months)
  - Develop Map Matching rules. Develop Map Matching simulator based on Qt to analyze existing

   GPS traces and simulate GPS traces to test Map Matching rules - Develop x86 based simulation
   environment for GPS system for new features testing and regression tests. - Refactoring existing

   systems memory and multithreading    management and communication. - Redesign system
   standalone components such as navigation     component, IPC abstract layer. - Refactoring existing

   sources make code stable, modular, cross platform portable. - Create API  Resolve Address
   for Tele Atlas Localities DBs useable as a part of DASH Navigation SW and as a standalone

   commercial product. - 2.4 Kernels and LKM validation and bug fixes.

Chief architect, Contractor at AnchorFree
May 2005 - May 2007 (2 years 1 month)

  Embedded Proxy server based on OpenWRT and LinkSYS box.

Project Leader, Contractor at BarracudaNetworks

January 2006 - May 2006 (5 months)
  Design and development BRTS - BarracudaNetworks Real Time System (LAMP, Smarty, C/C++,

   PHP)

Project Leader at SonicWALLMarch 2004 - January 2006 (1 year 11 months)
  Design MSA - messaging security appliance's SW (including SMTP server and messages delivery

   agent, open framework for interface to Antivirus and Antispam engines, Central Dispatcher
   for interface to SQL DB, other components of MSA Development, and implementation follow

   components of MSA: - concurrent multithreading SMTP server and Messages delivery agent.
   - open framework for interfaces to AntiVirus and AntiSpam engines.     - SMTP incoming traffics

   bandwidth control and regulation mechanisms.      - messages processing, saving into infected
   messages or spam quarantines Install and customization Linux HA SW for MSA.


CTO at M2M Monitor to Manage
January 2002 - May 2004 (2 years 5 months)

  Design and implementation SW for m2m project m2m is a cross platform web-based device
   monitoring and management tool. It allows getting information about and troubleshooting or tuning

   any device that has an IP address. "m2m node service has 4 general modules: 1. Flexible open
   platform UI for embedded systems 2. auto discovery on Ethernet multicasting groups level; 3. tiny

   web server for remote interface; 4. location detector, which will present geographic coordinates of
   IP node

Contractor at Pico Inc

December 2002 - April 2003 (5 months)
  Design WEB based NMS console for PICO Access Point devices based on the MS (C++, STL,

   XML, SNMP, PHP) Development, and implementation follow components of Pico NMS console:
   Access point devices discovery manager,; FW deplorer to single or multiple Pico devices (based

   on cURL API) Backend for PHP based WEB GUI

Software Project Leader at Repeater Technologies

April 2001 - December 2002 (1 year 9 months)
  Design WEB NMS (network management system) for monitoring and management repeaters

   network in the real time. (C++, XML, STL, Linux, KDE). Development, and implementation follow
   components of WEB NMS: - Concurrent multithreading polling manager - Alarms collector -

   Configuration manager (WEB based and console based) - SNMP trap generator - Telnet GUI and
   Web based GUI

Staff Software Engineer at Veritas

September 1999 - April 2001 (1 year 8 months)
  Design, development, and implementation of the following components for Veritas Global Cluster

   System (GCM) for Internet: - DNS component (daemon process) for interface to DNS name
   servers, creating virtual Internet site, and dynamic management to DNS tables (gcc, Solaris /

   Linux) - Notifier - component integrated in Veritas Cluster Server (multithreading daemon process)
   for generating SNMPv2 traps and send mail to defined SNMP managers and Email recipients

   (gcc, Visual C++, KDE, Linux / Solaris / MS) - Design MIB for SNMP interface Notifier component   to HP OpenView - POP3 component (daemon process) for getting messages in predefined format
   and execute commands (gcc, Visual C++, KDE, Linux / Solaris / MS


Sr. Development Programmer at DSSI
February 1999 - September 1999 (8 months)

  Design of Agents Distribution and Control System (ADCS) for agents deployment activation and
   collecting monitoring information (gcc, Visual C++, STL, AIX, MS). Development and implement

   follow ADCS components: - IP nodes discovery (use ICMP protocol) - nodes identification (use
   SNMP / FTP protocols) - agents deploying (use FTP protocol's) - agents activating (use REXEC
   protocol) - agents control and collection monitoring information (ADCS IP based protocol)


Sr. Software Engineer at Inter TiCi Inc
June 1998 - February 1999 (9 months)

  Distributed embedded systems development and support for technology track of semiconductor
   manufacturing. Embedded systems development for handling events passed by the different

   devices of technology track such as chamber, temperature plate module and etc. (Borland C++)

Project Leader at Advanced Technologies
December 1993 - June 1998 (4 years 7 months)

  Design, development, and implementation of:     -   gateway component for anti missile defense
   system (Rose, Visual C++, MS)     monitoring and management system for IP and non IP nodes

   such as: computers hubs, routers, atomic clocks, tapes and disks devices, RAIDs, NFS client and
   server processes and integrate with NetView GUI (Missile Defense System "Arrow") (Rational

   APEX, ADA, Teamwork, IBM AIX6000 C/C++

Sr. Software Engineer at ELTA Electronics
September 1990 - December 1993 (3 years 4 months)

  Porting from VMS to Sun Solaris radar management system (Missile Defense System) (VRTX32,
   Microtec C, make, CSH / KSH, SED and NAWK of Sun Solaris and NFS API) Design, development

   and implementation of intelligent simulator for radar management system (ICE for I8051, single
   board computer based on I8051, Borland C++, Franklin C for I8051


Programmer at State University
January 1985 - January 1990 (5 years 1 month)



Education
School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv
Certificate "Windows NT expert",Systems, Programming Languages (Windows NT, C / C+

+),1995-1996
SUN University, Tel-Aviv, Israel
Certificate,Unix / Unix Administration,1992-1993State University, Tbilisi, Georgia
MS,Computer Sciense,1976-1981Genisim Tsilker

San Francisco Bay Area

Principal Platform Architect at Verifone, Inc.





10 people have recommended Genisim

  "Genisim is a smart an d innovative person. He is easy to work with and gets things done. He can

  get quality things done on time. It has been a pleasure working with him."

  Eugene Malobrodsky,Co-Founder, AnchorFree, was Genisim's client


  "I had the opportunity to work with Genisim on two different occasions. He is very well versed in
  low level communication protocols, an expert when it comes to architecting end to end solutions,

  and developing turnkey software solutions At diversified software, I got to know Genisim as we
  worked on the same project. He was a very able mentor, someone who took me under their wing
  and imparted their experience and knowledge to make the project successful. Later, I had the

  opportunity to collaborate on other software projects while at Symantec Software. Genisim is
  very personable, has extensive domain knowledge and would be an added asset to any software

  development team big or small. His vision and ability to see the next thing and work towards it is
  exemplified in many of this innovative projects he has been associated with. His ability to mentor

  and train junior staff is something I benefited from first hand. I highly recommend Genisim and his
  work!"

  Mahesh Kumar,Head of Marketing, Arkin, worked indirectly for Genisim at Veritas


  "Genisim was part of my team at Nokia where he was the architect for Flash support in the MeeGo
  based phones. Genisim is an outstanding technologist, and he is equally at ease with translating

  those ideas into software. He also has a very good business sense. He is one of the people I would
  count on to solve hard problems!"

  Samir Agarwal,VP, Products, Accelerite, managed Genisim at Nokia Mobile Phones


  "I had the pleasure of working with Genisim for about a year at Dash Navigation, where he served
  as the code refactoring lead in the beginning. Genisim's superb job in the code refactoring allowed

  him to easily move on to make valuable contributions in other domains such as the GPS system
  internals, GPS location acquisition component and interfacing with the navigation engine. Genisim

  is an outstanding software engineer with great eye for identifying potential problem areas andis very creative and resourceful at finding workable solutions under very tight and aggressive

schedules. He is a great person to work with and a valuable asset to have on your team."

Amir Farrahi,President, Fontilica, Inc., worked directly with Genisim at Dash Navigation


"Genisim worked on the host driver development and integration of several projects I was involved
in. He was well respected and considered an expert in the office. Using his kernel engineering

experience, he was personally responsible and credited for integration for multiple of Audiences
Voice processors in Flagship handsets."

Taro Kimura,Director, Customer Engineering, InvenSense, Inc., worked with Genisim at
Audience, Inc.


"I had a privilege of having Genisim as our chief platform architect at Skiff. Genisim's strong

knowledge and expertise in Linux kernel and system architecture programming provided a solid
foundation for our e-reader platform. As a project lead, Genisim's commitment and "can do" spirit

provided strong guidance to the team members, he is always enthusiastic to help everyone, even
on weekends. I'll be happy to work with Genisim again in the future."

Alice Hsia,Engineer, Staff Design, Marvell, worked with Genisim at Skiff LLC


"Genisim and I worked together for almost two years at Dash Navigation, where he is the lead

of code refactoring. He is one of the most professonal, knowledgeable and detailed oriented co-
workers I have ever met. Withing his hardworking and leadership, many software components are

refactored with huge optimizations, standardizations and defects fixing, which lead to the software
passed the finishing line on aggressive schedule with high quality. Genisim also worked on new

software development which also demostrated his high software engineering skills. Genisim was
also very easy going. It was my pleasure to work with him directly as co-worker.."

Jungle Cui,Satff Software Engineer, Samsung Semiconductor, worked directly with Genisim at

Dash Navigation


"Genisim was instrumental in supporting customers in integrating our software into their Linux stack
and coming up with creative solutions and optimizing the overall software to our customer needs.

Genisim is extremely flexible, dedicated and creative. His rich experience has proven valuable in
cutting through complex problems and prototyping practical and solutions quickly. We had very

positive feedback from our customers in working with him. He has also been a great fit to the rest of
the development team."

Eitan Medina,VP of Marketing and Product Management, InvenSense, Inc., managed Genisim
indirectly at Audience, Inc.  "In my capacity as senior software qa engineer I thoroughly enjoyed working with Genisim. Genisim
  was instrumental in getting me up to speed on the 'how's & why's' of initially building the MontaVista

  2.6.10 version and later 2.6.28 for Marvell processors. He also gave me an incredible insights into
  how to test the video driver that he designed and developed for the EPD display."

  Rich Smith,Sr. Software QA, Trilliant, worked with Genisim at Skiff LLC


  "Worked with Genisim on multiple Samsung projects. Very nice and easy to work with, good

  communication skills, great knowledge and experience in Linux driver development, SLIMbus, I2C,
  UART, SPI, BSP, dragon board and Arndale. Also Genisim is great with customer support."

  Simon Liang,Customer Program Manager, Applications Engineering, Audience, Inc., worked
  with Genisim at Audience, Inc.




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  9/30/2015View by Boyd Ragay