Vivek Kumar Jaiswal

Dallas/Fort Worth Area

Software Services Engineer at Ericsson


Summary

I strongly believe in - "To Learn And Grow Continuously" and like to work hard. After completing my
 engineering (CSE) in year 2008, I started my career with Buongiorno Hong Kong India Ltd where

 I groomed myself for Mobile VAS Technology and worked hard for both application development
 and system integration to learn how a CMS (Content Management System) works. After that I

 joined SmartTrust India to learn DP platform and how it's services (SIM-OTA DM & DSTK Services)
 works in real time environment. Currently working in Ericsson. Skills : Problem solving, Algorithms,

 Data Structures Operating Systems : Linux (Fedora/Ubuntu/Red Hat), Sun - Solaris 10 Telecom
 Domain Expertise : CMS, DP (SIM-OTA/DM/DSTK), SDP Telecom Knowledge : GSM, LTE (E-
UTRAN & EPC basic), Diameter, SMPP, SS7 (basic) Framework/Tools : GWT, Preon Codehaus,

 DR Mediation Zone 5/6, CACTI, Ant, Spring Programming Languages : Java (Core), JSP, Servlet,
 Shell Scripting, Perl Scripting Web Technology : HTML, XHTML, PHP, Java Script, XML Web &

 Application Server : Apache Tomcat 6.0 IDE  Servers User : Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Veritas Cluster
 Manager Database : MySQL, Oracle  10G (basic) Open Source SVN : GIT


Experience

Software Services Engineer at Ericsson
April 2015 - Present (7 months)

Senior Solution Integrator - (Development & Implementation) at Ericsson

September 2011 - March 2015 (3 years 7 months)

Software Engineer - Research & Development at SmartTrust
January 2011 - September 2011 (9 months)

  Employed as Software Engineer R&D

Development Engineer at SmartTrust
December 2009 - December 2010 (1 year 1 month)

  Employed as a Development Engineer.

Executive Technology at Buongiorno Honk Kong India Ltd
July 2008 - December 2009 (1 year 6 months)

  Employed as a Executive Technology.Education
IEC College of Engineering & Technology
B.Tech,Computer Science,2004-2008

Interests

Watching movie, Listening MusicVivek Kumar Jaiswal

Dallas/Fort Worth Area

Software Services Engineer at Ericsson





5 people have recommended Vivek

  "Vivek has worked within the Development team of SmartTrust India & has managed to deliver the

  goods as & when required. He is good in scripting & customization efforts . An innovative resource
  who manages to find a way out for the ad-hoc requirement from the customers. A dedicated

  resource who knows to work within tight timelines & an asset to any company"

  RAHUL JHA,Chief Manager - Times Response IT, Bennett Coleman and Co. Ltd. (Times
  Group), managed Vivek indirectly at SmartTrust


  "Vivek has excellent understanding of Telecom domain specially core network protocols, VAS and
  Mediation technologies. He has excellent UNIX shell scripting and database skills. He is very good

  in Java programming as well. Vivek is also a very cool person to work with. He is always ready
  to help and sometimes even won't mind going out of the way to help others in group. And above
  all he has an excellent attitude to learn and grow because he is always open to suggestions and

  improvements."

  Akshay Jain,Developer, Markit India, worked directly with Vivek at Ericsson


  "I worked with Vivek Kumar for couple of years on the STK project. I found Vivek Kumar to be an
  energetic and smart developer, a person you can trust when you want to be sure that important
  tasks will be completed in a systematic and precise way. Very positive attitude towards work"

  Shaik Ahmed,Senior Group Manager, Comviva Technologies Limited, managed Vivek indirectly

  at Buongiorno Honk Kong India Ltd

  "Vivek is a hardworking and smart individual who looks at timlines to complete any task taken on

  hand with total perfection,which is an asset that he possesses, making him a perfect team player
  and a motivation for an entire team. He is always there to extend a helping hand, and that's what

  makes him a great person to work with. With these qualities at the very initial stage of his career, he
  will go miles.. and I wish him all the best for his future. Enjoyed working with you..!!"

  Hemang Parmar,Sales & Business Development - Communication & Media, Wipro
  Technologies, managed Vivek indirectly at Buongiorno Honk Kong India Ltd  "Success of a business unit in the VAS world hinges very much on the support of technology
  teams - Vivek formed the backbone of his account's technology team and his contribution impacted

  business results like no one else's. Vivek is one of the most dependable individuals I have come
  across and admire his 'never say never' attitude that had helped us in many breakthroughs."

  Anurag Singh,Co-Founder & Executive Director - India (Ads Platform), Affle, managed Vivek
  indirectly at Buongiorno Honk Kong India Ltd




Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  10/7/2015View by Issaraporn Bao