Christian Kuiawa

Providence, Rhode Island Area

java and javascript developer


Summary

Excellent problem-solving skills, strong customer advocate, 14+ years Java, 3+ years Javascript,

 Agile software development, Test-driven development, Continuous Integration, performance
 analysis, network programming, multi-threaded environments, ability to understand business

 requirements and design solution which balances technology and feasibility.


Experience

Agile Software Developer IV at Cengage Learning
November 2012 - Present (3 years)
  Implemented full-stack features in a test-driven pair-programming environment. Hand-picked

   to lead development effort on two major javascript functionality rewrite projects. Javascript
   programming using JavascriptMVC, AngularJS and Polymer.


Senior Software Engineer at Boston Financial Data Services
May 2012 - October 2012 (6 months)
  Wrote customizable user self-service web site for class action settlements using Spring Roo, Spring

   Webflow, JSF, Primefaces and XHTML.

Programmer / Analyst at Schneider Electric
November 2007 - April 2012 (4 years 6 months)

   Designed and implemented server-side features in Java, including major rewrite of legacy
   functionality.  Developed multiple comprehensive feature plans for product owners consisting

   of definition, user stories, time estimates for development and test, and mock-ups of potential
   customer experience.  Revitalized the interaction between the software and sales teams. As a
   result, bug fixes were reprioritized, and customer satisfaction was increased.  Wrote third-party

   device support for internal field service specialists, partner resellers, and external customers. 
   Consistently impressed customers by providing device support prior to deadline and prioritizing

   revisions after initial delivery.  Helped define the release process for ColdFusion web applications
   hosted on IIS servers by IT department.   Implemented Java server-side functionality, wrote

   ColdFusion pages, and designed MS SQL Server database tables for various in-product updates. 
   Wrote ColdFusion pages, and designed MS SQL Server database tables for customer survey and
   product download.  Trained staff on web application process from initial development to release

   to web.  Served as liaison between software and IT departments for web application hosted by   IT.  Wrote ColdFusion reports for marketing teams to analyze data collected from product posts. 
   Recognized by management for presenting multiple solutions to complex problems, listing benefits

   of each, and providing a recommendation based on agreed-upon design criteria.

Team Leader at APC-MGE

June 2007 - November 2007 (6 months)
   Managed team of three developers and one QA analyst  Facilitated team roadblocks such as

   handling escalated customer issues, finding and rebuilding hardware, configuring racks, and
   maintaining Cruise Control build server.  Prioritized new features and bug fixes.  Released final
   product version early and under budget.


Senior Software Engineer at APC-MGE
April 2004 - June 2007 (3 years 3 months)

   Co-researched and implemented Spring Framework, Hibernate and SOAP web service to be used
   as architecture for major new feature.  Wrote complex Continuous Integration Ant scripts for multi-

  site development.  Co-developed multiple product features, including design, Java implementation
   and JUnit unit/system test.  Recognized by management for spreading enthusiasm and

   evangelizing Agile and Test Driven Development to a stagnated Waterfall development team with
   senior staff.  Impressed product owners by quickly and efficiently becoming a productive member

   of the enterprise team using a complex code base.

Software Engineer at American Power Conversion
December 1999 - April 2004 (4 years 5 months)

   Switched to next generation product team due to expertise with shared code base.  Gained
   experience with Extreme Programming, specifically Test-driven development, Agile development,

   paired programming, scrums, sprints, and demos.  Designed and implemented product auto-
  update, including writing Java code for HTTP Post to web for checking updates, writing ColdFusion

   pages for querying database tables, downloading and applying update to running product.  Co-
  designed and implemented proprietary protocol for Delphi client to Java server communication over

   TCP SSL socket. This protocol was also used in other products.  Mentored junior developers on
   design technique and system architecture.

Consultant at IBM

June 1996 - December 1997 (1 year 7 months)
  Interviewed customers, recorded current processes and requirements for new single sign-on

   customer support system


Education

Worcester Polytechnic Institute
BS,Computer Science,1992-1996Activities and Societies: Alpha Chi Rho, Campus Radio StationChristian Kuiawa

Providence, Rhode Island Area

java and javascript developer





3 people have recommended Christian

  "Having worked with Christian over the last 7 years I have always found him to be very professional

  in his commitment to getting the job done right the first time. No issue has been too small for
  Christian to dedicate his time to. He responds to deadlines and customer requests promptly and
  efficiently. Christian has as a good skill set of interfacing with end users and partners. Along with a

  dedication that makes Christian a major asset to any engineering team."

  Mike Stacey,Sr DCIM Software Systems Engineer, Schneider Electric, worked with Christian at
  Schneider Electric


  "Christian is a great problem solver remains on task until completed. As a customer I had the
  benefit or his technical support in fixing outstanding product issues. He is extremely competent and
  professional in his work."

  Thomas DiPalma,Sr. Manager Data Center Engineering, Viacom, was with another company
  when working with Christian at Schneider Electric


  "I've worked with Chris on a number of projects over the last several months, and I have found him

  to consistently go above and beyond the call of duty in both supporting and driving these initiatives.
  He has always delivered absolutely exemplary service to our internal teams, and by extension our

  external enterprise customers."
  David Sweikert,Software Consultant, BMC Software, worked with Christian at Schneider

  Electric



Profile Notes and Activity (2)

  10/23/2015View by Maria Ivory Suarez


  10/23/2015Tag "SWE" added by Maria Ivory Suarez