Kavitha Gopalan

San Francisco Bay Area

Android Developer at Honda R & D Americas, Inc.


Summary

Android Applications Developer, passionate about creating great User Experience and eager to learn

 New Technologies and quickly adapt to the changes in the Technology. - Experience using OAuth
 and using third party API to integrate with the Android Application - Good experience in Android

 components like Services, Content Providers, Broadcast Receivers and Activities - Extensive
 hands on experience in android Api like Maps and also SMS, Telephony, Media Player, Camera.
 Also worked on latest Android Lollipop. - Involved in creating User-friendly GUI in Android Apps

 like Custom ListViews, Menus, etc. - Consumed RESTful web services - Experience in all phases
 of development life cycle (SDLC) from Design, Development, Testing and Deployment. - Good

 knowledge in Object Oriented Concepts including Polymorphism, Abstraction and Inheritance -
 Represented company to showcase applications in Developer Meets and participated in conferences

 like Google I/O, AnDevCon (Android Developer Conference) etc.


Experience

Android Developer at Honda R&D Americas, Inc
February 2013 - Present (2 years 10 months)
   Worked extensively on Android Maps Applications which involved drawing route on the Map

   and      turn by turn directions  Involved in creating Android Application Prototype that run on
   Head Unit of the car.  Worked on Notifications in Android Auto SDK and also Android L  Worked

   on integrating 3rd party APIs to Android application like Google Places API, Haptic based
   API, Google Voice API, etc  Worked on integration of Smart Watch with Android Application

   for sending Notification from  phone to Smart Watch  Involved in developing SDK which
   reads the data from car and makes the data available to   outside developers according to
   AOAA (Android Open Automotive Alliance) specifications  Responsible for creating Android

   Application that simulates the Cars Dash Board using Android   Animation class, created
   custom ListViews  Used REST services to read data from the server and upload data to the server

   database.  Involved in the technical discussion of App Requirements, Design and Implementation
    Participated in Developer Conferences like Google I/O and Android Developer Conference and

     also represented company to showcase the Application in Developer Meets.

Sr. Software Engineer at samsung
2015 - 2015Android Developer at USAA
June 2011 - October 2012 (1 year 5 months)

   Involved in all the phases of SDLC from design, development through testing, porting and
      support of application  Implemented the event reminder feature into the mobile app using

   services, Async tasks and       Alert Notification API  Built custom complex List Views to display
   transactions.  Implemented XML parsing using SAX parser to parse the data from the server and

   provide      defined structure  Used Android content providers for implementing features like
   sending email etc. from the app  Responsible in recording the logs using logcat  Made decisions

   on Layout design and Layout modifications.  Used GPS to implement functionalities like ATM
   Locator, USAA Locations in the application  Involved in developer testing by porting the app on
   multiple devices with various screen sizes.  Involved in post production support and Change

   Request process to fix the bugs

Android Developer at ETrade

April 2010 - May 2011 (1 year 2 months)
   Contributing to the full lifecycle development of mobile phone applications from planning,

   development, testing, launching, and porting, to maintenance/code enhancement.  User Interface
   development using Android SDK and tools such as adb, hierarchy viewer,          traceview,

   emulator, monkey, logcat.  Responsible for developing custom adapters for binding data between
   external data services and       user interface.  Extensive use of View and ViewGroup, derived
   User Interface elements for developing various       controls, widgets and layouts as part of UI

   development.  Responsible tracking down the bugs and fixing them.  Performing the fabrication
   of User Interface with different types of user interactivity  (Touch, click and keypress) by defining

   event listeners and registering with corresponding views      and by overriding existing callback
   methods.  Implemented menu based navigation (Context based, regular and submenus).


Java Developer at Bajaj Electrical Ltd
June 2008 - January 2010 (1 year 8 months)

   Developed user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML, JSP.  Developed Servlets,
   Filters, Business and utility classes.  Worked extensively on HR and client modules.  Developed
   the JAVA classes to execute the business logic and to collect the input data from the     users

   using JAVA, Oracle.  Developed Data Access classes to interact with database using JDBC. 
   Extensively used JavaScript for client side validations  Developed the web-based reports based

   on different selection criteria  Involved in debugging and troubleshooting related to production and
   environment issues



Education
Barathidasan University, Trichy, TamilNadu, India

Master's Degree,Computer Applications
Chellammal College Of WomensBachelor's Degree,Mathematics
College of Engineering, Guindy

Master's Degree,Computer Software EngineeringKavitha Gopalan
San Francisco Bay Area
Android Developer at Honda R & D Americas, Inc.






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  11/10/2015View by Jemmielyn Capalad