Andreas Rosenberg

San Francisco Bay Area

PMO en ServiceNow  The Enterprise Cloud Company


Summary

Experienced project manager in the IT and Telecom services with a Masters Degree in Computer

 Science. Highly experienced at big ITC (Information Technology and Communication) systems
 management, trained mainly at T-Systems Iberia where I got the opportunity to work across all

 phases of the ITC service life-cycle. My roles have included operation center, quality projects,
 presales, RfP, bids, implementation and transition-transformation projects. I have managed
 procurement, providers, training, documentation and implementation teams wold wide.



Experience

Program Manager at the PMO at ServiceNow  The Enterprise Cloud Company
March 2015 - Present (9 months)

Project Manager at T-Systems International Gmbh
2011 - 2013 (2 years)

  Project Manager - managing extension and maintenance projects for the Global MPLS network
  of T-Systems International and T-Systems Germany. The majority of the telecommunications

  products of T-Systems portfolio runs on this network, such as a huge part of the computing area.
  This turns this network into a critical service for the business core of T-Systems.

Technical Deal manager at T-Systems Iberia

May 2010 - April 2011 (1 year)
  Responsible for the cost model calculation for the production area at the bid or RfP (Request

  for Proposal) process of the telecommunication department. We were also responsible for the
  technical and service coherence of the solution described at the RfP, performing international
  projects such as local projects with a special attention to out of portfolio requests Special Business

  Request.

Service Model Designer for TUI AG at T-Systems Iberia
February 2010 - June 2010 (5 months)

  Development of the service model for the CMO, CMO+ and FMO such as the operational
  handbook.  Cross-functional program role between transition and transformation project.


LEAN Green Belt at T-Systems Iberia
October 2009 - May 2010 (8 months)  Quality project focused on the optimization of processes and resources of the NOC (Network
   Operation Center) based on the LEAN methodology, customized by T-Systems under the Six

   Sigma Program. Processes, metrics, KPIs and reporting structure was some of the output.

Network Operator at T-Systems Iberia

November 2007 - November 2009 (2 years 1 month)
  First and second level technician at the Network Operation Center in Barcelona, in a multi-customer

   and multi-technology (LAN, WAN, FW, RAS, ACS etc) environment focused mainly on international
   customers. The main tasks were events monitoring, incident, change and problem management
   processes and SLAs tracking and reporting.


System Operator at T-Systems Iberia
June 2006 - November 2007 (1 year 6 months)

  First and second level technician at the System Operation Center in Barcelona, in a multi-customer
   and multi-technology (DB, Wintel, Linux, Exchange, Storage, etc) environment focused 100% on

   Audi AG and VW Group. The main tasks were events monitoring, incident, change and problem
   management processes and SLAs tracking and reporting.

IT Manager at Clinica la Nucia

November 2001 - July 2003 (1 year 9 months)
  Responsible of the overall IT Systems. LAN and WAN upgrade project, network administration,

   Help Desk and design of a patients management software.

Event 2002 at Campus Party
August 2002 - August 2002

  Being part of the Cisco Academy network team assigned to the the event. Assembling and setting
   up a network for 3500 users that were attending the event, such as user technical support tasks

   during the event.

Software Developer at Wera SL
July 2000 - October 2001 (1 year 4 months)

  Visual Basic,SQL, Microsoft Acces.



Education
University of California, Berkeley
Certificate Program in Project Management,2014-2014

Universitat Ramon Llull
Ingenera Informtica,Graduated IT Engineer,2004-2009
Robotic Institute of Burjasot (Universidad de Valencia)

Master of Computers Networking,2002-2003
Universidad Antonio de NebrijaIngeniero tcnico informtico de gestin,Ingeniera del software,1998-2003Andreas Rosenberg
San Francisco Bay Area
PMO en ServiceNow  The Enterprise Cloud Company






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  11/11/2015View by Amy Dungo