Smith Surasmith

Greater Los Angeles Area

Senior Software Engineer at TripAdvisor


Experience

Senior Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
November 2012 - Present (3 years 1 month)

  Full stack web development. Mobile development. Big data wrangling.

principal at Smith Surasmith
September 2009 - Present (6 years 3 months)

  Independent and contract developer of games and apps for web, iPhone and other mobile
   devices. Independently developed iOS apps: thaienglish - thai-english dictionary with improved

   pronunciation guide for non-thai readers. Developed new method of pronunciation guide that
   adhere to standard Thai pronunciation of vowel length, tones, and consonants. Developed

   dictionary processing tool, base pronunciation dictionary processing tool and run-time dynamic
   pronunciation generator. All using Objective-C with Xcode. Built tools to run on Mac OS X, and
   the final app targeted for the iPhone. pentatonic - Developed a light piano application targeted

   for the iPhone, using Objective-C with Xcode, utilizing the Open GL library. Also developed the
   artwork and audio processing. Dropsafe - Developed a Password Safe compatible password

   manager targeted for all iOS platforms (iPhone/iPad/iPod). Developed in C, C++, Objective-C,
   and Javascript. Ported Password Safe library to iOS, developed the interface, and integrated the

   application with Dropbox client library.

Board of Directors (Board Chair) at Thai Community Development Center
August 2009 - Present (6 years 4 months)

  Oversee the operation and governance of the organization, advocate, promote and raise funds for
   the organization. Thai CDC is a non-profit corporation whose mission is for the social, political and
   economic advancement of the Thai community in Los Angeles.


software developer at Kung Fu Factory
2012 - 2012

Consultant / Lead Developer at Spoken World LLC

August 2010 - January 2011 (6 months)
  Developed Babblemania, a language learning app for children age 6-10 for learning for learning
   foreign languages (Spanish for English speakers, and English for Mandarin Speakers) on the iOS

   platforms. Put together a small team of artists and programmers and developed a 3D educational
   game app targeted for the iOS platforms (iPhone/iPad/iPod) using C# and Unity3D. Developed app   architecture over Unity3D, worked on animation layer, audio layer, game logic and user interfaces.
   Lead development team and delivered project to market. Developed text processing tool and font

   editing plugin for Font Forge using Python, for localizing app for Mainland China market.

Software Developer, Contract at Monkey Gods LLC

January 2009 - August 2009 (8 months)
  Worked in a small team composed of game development veterans pushing out two games in eight

   months for Monkey Gods, a new start up from the founders of Naughty Dogs, Andy Gavin, Jason
   Rubin and industry veteran Jason Kay. Monkwerks - Flash Programmer for Monkwerks word
   game on Facebook. Developed client side architecture in AS3/Flash including gameplay, front

   end, leader boards, google analytics, also developed smartfox server for synchronous multiplayer
   gameplay, and dictionary processing tools using Ruby. Made fixes to the server side code

   using Ruby when necessary. Maintained server side updates when necessary. Snood - Flash
   Programmer for the Snood franchise on Facebook. Ported and adapted client side architecture

   from Monkwerks to Snood. Helped with the porting of Snood game play to AS3/Flash.

Senior Developer at GlobaLinguist Inc.

April 2006 - July 2008 (2 years 4 months)
  Technology and product development for language learning.

Lead Programmer at Rockstar San Diego/Take Two

August 2004 - April 2006 (1 year 9 months)

Programmer at Rockstar San Diego
2002 - 2006 (4 years)


Programmer at Rockstar San Diego/Take Two
November 2002 - August 2004 (1 year 10 months)

Programmer at Angel Studios

December 1999 - November 2002 (3 years)

Programmer at Adventive Technologies
May 1999 - December 1999 (8 months)


Programmer at Activision
June 1996 - May 1999 (3 years)



Education
Brown University
AB,Computer Science,1991-1995Smith Surasmith
Greater Los Angeles Area

Senior Software Engineer at TripAdvisor






Profile Notes and Activity (2)
  11/15/2015View by Maria Ivory Suarez


  11/15/2015Tag "SWE" added by Maria Ivory Suarez