Kiran M

San Francisco Bay Area

Sr.Systems Engineer at Good Technology


Summary

 Over 9+ years of total experience in IT industry in the area of RedHat Linux / Oracle EL / CentOS /

 Windows Server / Windows Desktop Support, Wintel / Virtualization with VMware ESX 5.5 and
 Virtual Center server.  Extensive experience in installing, integrating, tuning, and troubleshooting

 Apache 2.x, 1.3.x webserver, JBoss 4.x, Tomcat and Weblogic 8.x, 9.x application servers  Worked
 on Amazon Web Services for deploying EC2 instances consisting of various flavors viz., OEL, RHEL,
 CentOS and Ubuntu in Linux and Windows 2008 and 2012.  Managing Amazon instances by taking

 AMIs and performing administration and monitoring of Amazon instances using Amazon Cloud
 Watch  Worked on integrating Amazon EC2 instances with on premise Active Directory there by

 enabling user access.  Experience in deploying system stacks for different environments like Dev,
 UAT, Prod in both on premise and cloud infrastructure.  Experience setting up instances behind the

 Elastic Load Balancer in Amazon Web Services for high availability.  Worked on Auto scaling, Cloud
 Watch (monitoring), AWS Elastic Beanstalk (app deployments), Amazon S3 (storage) and Amazon
 EBS (persistent disk storage).  Experience working on configuration management in Linux using

 Chef and Puppet there by developing Puppet Manifests using ruby for provisioning applications and
 scripts.  Experience working on continuous integration tools using Jenkins and build automation

 using Ant.  Hand on experience handling CheckPoint, Fortinet and Dell SonicWALL Firewalls. 
 Expert in managing operating systems and end-user software.  Manage deployment, maintenance,

 support and upgrade of servers, hardware, software, operating systems in server environment.
  Experienced in managing the server cluster environment including configuration, shares and
 permissions.  Experience in installation, configuration and management of LAMP stack on Ubuntu

 12.04 and RHEL v6.


Experience

Sr.Systems Engineer at Good Technology
October 2015 - Present (2 months)

  .

Devops Engineer at California Department of Justice
December 2013 - October 2015 (1 year 11 months)

   Worked on Redhat Enterprise Linux environment 5.x and 6.x by installing, configuring and
   managing servers there by provisioning servers in clustered environment.  Working with different

   developer teams to plan, provision and manage infrastructure for different environments viz.,   Dev, UAT and Prod environments.  Incident, Problem, & change management adhering ITIL

   processes. Prepare RCA within defined SLAs for the Problem incidents using BMC remedy tool. 
   Experience working with version control tools such as Subversion (Tortoise) 1.8.x 64 bit and GIT.

    Perform patch management on LAMP Stack that is deployed on top of RHEL v6.  Performed
   installation, configuration and management of JBoss 5.x application server.  Experience in

   Developing BASH and Python shell scripts to automate cron jobs and system maintenance.
   Scheduled cron jobs for job automation.  Involved in merging java codes to the latest release

   and deploying it to generate various kinds of reports.  Provisioning Jenkins environment for
   continuous integration there by easing the build and testing tasks for developers.  Experience

   in Shell scripting (ksh, bash) to automate system administration tasks.  Creation of Virtual
   Servers (VMWare ESX 5.5) using a process document.  Adding resources to existing Virtual

   Servers including Memory, additional hard disk space, NIC card etc.  Decommission of VMWare
   Virtual Servers using IS best practices.  Creation of OU's and its sub OU's and permission

   delegation using Quest tools, Creation of new site & subnets in AD Site & Services, DNS & DHCP
   activities including new DHCP scope creation, static IP assignment and backups.  Addition &

   Decommission of application Servers and Domain Controllers.  Handling the Active Directory
   Domain, group policies and replication between domain controllers.  Install and run automated

   Puppet and cheff, Puppet to configure, install, manage and bring up jBoss and applications.

DevOps Engineer at Genentech
January 2012 - November 2013 (1 year 11 months)

   Supporting enterprise datacenter comprising Redhat Linux environment 5.x and 6.x, Oracle
   Enterprise Linux 6.x, SUSE Linux and Windows 2012 and 2008.  Working with stake holders for

   getting business requirements there by leveraging changes in process to them.  Documented
   standard operating procedures (SOP) for troubleshooting, configuring, and setting up virtual

   servers.  Worked on Grub, PXE boot, Kick start, Packages, Yum, RPMs, LVM, Boot from SAN,
   file system configuration.  Ensuring availability of Puppet agents across Linux boxes in order to

   ensure configuration management application via Puppet Master.  Provisioning Adobe Experience
   Manager Stack to developer team by providing Author and Publisher boxes.  Provisioning GIT

   and SVN configuration management environment for different developer teams.  Configuring LVM
   as extending Logical Volume and Physical Volume Size.  Worked on installing and managing

   different automation and monitoring tools like Nagios and Splunk.  Configured yum repository
   server using Chef on RHEL 5.7 in VMware environment.  Performed deployment of Amazon EC2

   instances in AWS environment.  Performed EC2 instances provisioning on AWS environment and
   implemented security groups, administered VPCs.  Performed configuration of the WebLogic/

  JBoss server for Data Sources, JDBC Connection pools.  Implementing security there by enabling/
  disabling access to users on different applications and tools like: AWS Management Console,

   Jenkins, Jira and other legacy applications.  Handling & fixing all Server related issue there by,
   ensuring maximum availability of servers and its services.  Managing and maintain Fortinet 240D   Firewall, ensuring ISP connectivity, Site2Site VPN networks.  Windows OS and customization

   using Blade Logic and MDT deployment tools.  Install and configure the HP c7000 enclosures, HP
   standalone servers.  Supporting Vendor for various application installations.

Senior Systems Engineer at HBO

January 2010 - December 2011 (2 years)
   Installation, configuration and troubleshooting of Redhat 5.x/6.x, Ubuntu 12.x, HP-UX 11.x,

   Windows 2008 and 2012 on various on premise hardware platforms and on Amazon AWS cloud
   services.  Worked on installation and configuration on Apache 2.x, 1.3.x, MySql 5.x  Installing,

   configuring, administration of Windows 2003 servers, Active Directory Services, DNS DHCP, FTP,
   WSUS, IIS Web Server and SQL Database Server.  Participation from scratch for new servers

   deployment and installing ESX in the servers and making it configured over Intranet.  Installed
   and configured Splunk Forwarders 64-bit 4.3.3 version to run on Linux and HP-UX client servers.

    Successful implementation and configuration of the ESX servers to existing NAS devices. 
   Core participation in Datacenter and involved as one of core engineer for the Datacenters.  Also

   participated in some of migration procedures in a Datacenter.  Experienced with x86 / x64 Intel,
   HP, IBM & Dell hardware like rack-mounted servers, tower servers, desktop, laptop and other

   peripherals.  Monitored the servers and troubleshot the server issues.  Resolved the user issues
   related to Active Directory Users and Groups.  Install all software required to run process on .Net

   environment like (SCOM 2007, SCCM 2007, SQL Server 2008, Active Directory, MOSS Server,
   Endeca) in Dev/UAT/ Test/Prod.  Configured SCOM for alerts setting to any service failure.

    Creating and mirroring preconfigured Operating system like Windows/Linux and configuring
   Oracle/SQL, Web sphere services in the OS.  Developing and implementing backup and disaster

   recovery protocols.  Providing Load balancing capability for the virtual infrastructure.  Developed
   shell scripts to perform different administration tasks.  Installing, configuring, administering Veritas

   Cluster Server 5.0, creating service groups, adding resources, enabling attributes, testing fail-over.



Senior Windows & Linux Administrator at California courts of appeal
September 2007 - December 2009 (2 years 4 months)
   Started as Systems Administrator and performed various projects including installation,

   configuration and maintenance of on premise data center.  Worked on Windows 2003/2008,
   RHEL v4.x,v5.x, HP-UX flavors, Sun Solaris v8 and v9 on various hardware platforms 

   Administered cross-platform Network (Linux and Windows)  Implemented a High Availability
   Cluster using 2 V480s, a T3 and Veritas Cluster Server 4.0.  Worked as single point of contact for

   Installation and Configuration of new server hardware.  Provisioning servers like FTP, Apache,
   Samba to different teams as per the project requirements.  Designing, configuring, implementing

   and managing DHCP, DNS servers.  Defining and implementing user configurations and policies.
    Automated several administrative tasks.  Adding/deleting/modifying user account information

   in Domain Controller. There by creating security policies at different levels.  Supporting and   maintaining antivirus products as well as host based firewalls.  Designing, implementing and
   managing disaster recovery and backup process.  Documenting all the network, server and

   resources configurations.  Backup files and tweak the system & network for optimal performance.
    Managed system and network disaster recovery plans.  Leveraging knowledge on latest

   application environments to employees  Performing patching on Windows and Linux servers
   with the aid of WSUS in Windows and Yum in Linux  Implemented system level and network level

   security.  Provided technical support and repairs for windows workstations.  Worked on hardware
   and software inventory management.


Network Trainer at Medha Computers
July 2006 - August 2007 (1 year 2 months)
   Responsible for supporting Windows and Linux servers and workstations  Provisioning 24x7

   support to enterprise users on call.  Implementing DHCP and DNS on Windows 2003 servers. 
   Implementing SAN and NAS storage for enterprise level user access there by provisioning storage

   access to users.  Setting up NFS server on Linux OS to provision storage access to users.
    Worked on developing scripts to perform backup automation on Oracle database servers. 

   Performed installation of SSH servers on top of linux boxes.  Performed network patching and
   configuring Cisco routers and Switches in datacenter.  Provided technical support and repairs

   for windows workstations.  Performed asset management of hardware and applications used in
   enterprise level.



Education
Vinayaka Mission's Research Foundation - University

B.com,2003-2005Kiran M
San Francisco Bay Area
Sr.Systems Engineer at Good Technology






Profile Notes and Activity (1)

  11/16/2015View by Issaraporn Bao