Here at Thumbtack, we’re building the easiest way for people to hire local professionals for projects big and small. From house painting to personal training and everything in between, we match customers to the right pros for all of life’s projects.

We're looking for data scientists with deep expertise in statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or building data products. Our process gives you full ownership over the projects you tackle, so you should be a person who dreams big, then executes well.

At Thumbtack, the Data Science team is responsible for a wide variety of problems spanning statistics, machine learning, and computer science:

Characterize marketplace dynamics. Thumbtack’s marketplaces are comprised of thousands of active markets across our service categories and U.S. cities. Via exploratory data analysis and experimental design, our team works to understand trends and behaviors within these markets.
Improve customer and service provider matching. Matching and optimization algorithms are fundamental to Thumbtack’s product: we now service millions of matches per week. Identifying better matches between customers and service providers has an incredible impact on the experience of customers and pros transacting on our platform.
Model complex relationships in the presence of many confounding factors. Predictive modeling problems are everywhere across our product. Our team works to scope, design and implement machine learning models to support Thumbtack’s product.
Responsibilities

Design and execute experiments, collect and analyze data to characterize our product
Architect and deploy machine learning systems to production
Design and implement metrics that align with company goals
Analyze a wide variety of data: structured and unstructured, observational and experimental
Advise engineering and product teams on sound statistical practices
Requirements

M.S. or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or other relevant technical field
Expert knowledge of probability and statistics, including experimental design, predictive modeling, optimization, and causal inference
Familiarity with machine learning concepts: regression and classification, clustering, feature selection, curse of dimensionality, bias-variance tradeoff, neural networks, SVMs, etc.
Expert knowledge of a statistical language such as R or Python/pandas
Excellent written and verbal technical communication skills
Familiarity with a scripting language and/or shell scripting
Preferred: Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering or Statistics
Preferred: Experience with large-scale distributed systems
Preferred: Experience with tools in the Hadoop ecosystem such Hive, Pig, or Spark
